   General Information Document for Investing in Public Offers

This General Information Document highlights certain key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public
issues in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act,
1956 (“SCRA”), the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957 (“SCRR”), the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“SEBI ICDR
Regulations”). Bidders/Applicants should not construe the contents of this General Information Document as
legal advice and should consult their own legal counsel and other advisors in relation to the legal matters
concerning the Offer. For taking an investment decision, the Bidders/Applicants should rely on their own
examination of the Issuer and the Offer, and should carefully read the Red Herring Prospectus/Prospectus before
investing in the Offer.

SEBI through its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018, and as modified
though its circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85
dated July 26, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019 (together,
the “UPI Circular”) has proposed to introduce an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments
Interface (“UPI”) and consequent reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner. From January 1, 2019,
the UPI mechanism for RIIs applying through Designated Intermediaries have been made effective along with the
existing process and existing timeline of T+6 days. The same was applicable until June 30, 2019 (“UPI Phase
I”). Currently, for application by RIIs through Designated Intermediaries, the existing process of physical
movement of forms from Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds is discontinued and RIIs
submitting their Application Forms through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) can only use the UPI
mechanism with existing timeline of T+6 days until March 31, 2020 (“UPI Phase II”). Subsequently, the final
reduced timeline will be made effective using the UPI mechanism for applications by RIIs (“UPI Phase III”), as
may be prescribed by SEBI.

Merchant Banker shall be the nodal entity for any issues arising out of public issuance process.

In terms of regulation23(5) and regulation 271 of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations,    2018,      the    timelines     and     processes      mentioned      in SEBI Circular.
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019 shall continue to form part of the
agreements being signed between the intermediaries involved in the public issuance process and lead
managers shall continue to coordinate with intermediaries involved in the said process.




                                                        1
                 TABLE OF CONTENTS


SECTION 1: PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT …………………3

SECTION 2: BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO IPOs/FPOs…………………………………………..4

SECTION 3: CATEGORY OF INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN AN OFFER..…7

SECTION 4: APPLYING IN THE OFFER..……………………………………………………….8

SECTION 5: OFFER PROCEDURE IN BOOK BUILT OFFER………………………………….30

SECTION 6: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN FIXED PRICE OFFER……………………..…………….35

SECTION 7: ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT……………….…...36

SECTION 8: INTEREST AND REFUNDS…………………………………….…………………..39

SECTION 9: GLOSSARY AND ABBREVATIONS……………………………………………….42




                                    2
           SECTION 1: PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT (GID)

This document is applicable to the public issues undertaken through the Book-Building Process as well as to the
Fixed Price Offers. The purpose of the “General Information Document for Investing in Public Issues” is to
provide general guidance to potential Bidders/Applicants in IPOs and FPOs, and on the processes and procedures
governing IPOs and FPOs, undertaken in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

Bidders/Applicants should note that investment in equity and equity related securities involves risk and
Bidder/Applicant should not invest any funds in the Offer unless they can afford to take the risk of losing their
investment. The specific terms relating to securities and/or for subscribing to securities in an Offer and the relevant
information about the Issuer undertaking the Offer are set out in the Red Herring Prospectus (“RHP”)/ Prospectus
filed by the Issuer with the Registrar of Companies (“RoC”). Bidders/Applicants should carefully read the entire
RHP/Prospectus, the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form and the Abridged Prospectus of the Issuer in
which they are proposing to invest through the Offer. In case of any difference in interpretation or conflict and/or
overlap between the disclosure included in this document and the RHP/Prospectus, the disclosures in the
RHP/Prospectus shall prevail. The RHP/Prospectus of the Issuer is available on the websites of stock exchanges,
on the website(s) of the BRLM(s) to the Offer and on the website of Securities and Exchange Board of India
(“SEBI”) at www.sebi.gov.in.

For the definitions of capitalized terms and abbreviations used herein Bidders/Applicants may refer to the section
“Glossary and Abbreviations”.




                                                          3
                        SECTION 2: BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO IPOs/FPOs

2.1   Initial public offer (IPO)

      An IPO means an offer of specified securities by an unlisted Issuer to the public for subscription and may
      include an Offer for Sale of specified securities to the public by any existing holder of such securities in
      an unlisted Issuer.

2.2   Further public offer (FPO)

      An FPO means an offer of specified securities by a listed Issuer to the public for subscription and may
      include Offer for Sale of specified securities to the public by any existing holder of such securities in a
      listed Issuer.

2.3   Other Eligibility Requirements:

      An Issuer proposing to undertake an IPO or an FPO is required to comply with various other requirements
      as specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Companies Act, 2013 (to
      the extent notified and in effect), the SCRR, industry-specific regulations, if any, and other applicable
      laws for the time being in force.

      For details in relation to the above Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

2.4   Types of Public Offers – Fixed Price Offers and Book Built Offers

      In accordance with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, an Issuer can either determine the
      Offer Price through the Book Building Process (“Book Built Offer”) or undertake a Fixed Price Offer
      (“Fixed Price Offer”).

      The cap on the Price Band should be less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price. The Issuer shall
      announce the Price or the Floor Price or the Price Band through advertisement in all newspapers in which
      the pre-offer advertisement was given at least two Working Days before the Bid/Offer Opening Date, in
      case of an IPO and at least one Working Day before the Bid/Offer Opening Date, in case of an FPO and
      determine the Offer Price at a later date before registering the Prospectus with the Registrar of
      Companies.

      The Floor Price or the Offer price cannot be lesser than the face value of the securities.

      Bidders/Applicants should refer to the RHP/Prospectus or Offer advertisements to check whether the
      Offer is a Book Built Offer or a Fixed Price Offer.

2.5   OFFER PERIOD

      The Offer shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days (for all categories of
      Bidders/Applicants) and not more than ten Working Days. Bidders/Applicants are advised to refer to the
      Bid cum Application Form and Abridged Prospectus or RHP/Prospectus for details of the Bid/Offer
      Period. Details of Bid/Offer Period are also available on the website of the Stock Exchange(s).

      In case of a Book Built Offer, the Issuer may close the Bid/Offer Period for QIBs one Working Day prior
      to the Bid/Offer Closing Date if disclosures to that effect are made in the RHP. In case of revision in the
      Price Band in Book Built Offers the Bid/Offer Period may be extended by at least three Working Days,
      subject to the total Bid/Offer Period not exceeding ten Working Days. For details of any revision of the
      Price Band, Bidders/Applicants may check the announcements made by the Issuer on the websites of the
      Stock Exchanges and the BRLM(s), and the advertisement in the newspaper(s) issued in this regard.

      In case of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, the Issuer may, for reasons to be
      recorded in writing, extend the bidding (Offer) period for a minimum period of three working days,
      subject to the total Bid/Offer Period not exceeding 10 Working Days.




                                                      4
2.6   FLOWCHART OF TIMELINES

      A flow chart of process flow in Fixed Price and Book Built Offers is as follows. Bidders/Applicants may
      note that this is not applicable for Fast Track FPOs.:




                                                    5
Flow chart of timeline for Phase II




                6
      SECTION 3: CATEGORY OF INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN AN OFFER

Each Bidder/Applicant should check whether it is eligible to apply under applicable law. Furthermore, certain
categories of Bidders/Applicants, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to Bid/Apply in the Offer or
to hold Equity Shares, in excess of certain limits or in specific sectors as specified under applicable law.
Bidders/Applicants are requested to refer to the RHP/Prospectus for more details.

Subject to the above, an illustrative list of Bidders/Applicants is as follows:

        Indian nationals resident in India who are competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, in
         single or joint names (not more than three);

        Bids/Applications belonging to an account for the benefit of a minor (under guardianship);

        Hindu Undivided Families or HUFs, in the individual name of the Karta. The Bidder/Applicant should
         specify that the Bid is being made in the name of the HUF in the Bid cum Application Form/Application
         Form as follows: “Name of sole or first Bidder/Applicant: XYZ Hindu Undivided Family applying
         through XYZ, where XYZ is the name of the Karta”. Bids/Applications by HUFs may be considered at
         par with Bids/Applications from individuals;

        Companies, corporate bodies and societies registered under applicable law in India and authorised to
         hold and invest in equity shares;

        QIBs;

        NRIs on a repatriation basis or on a non-repatriation basis subject to applicable law;

        Indian Financial Institutions, regional rural banks, co-operative banks (subject to RBI regulations and
         the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other laws, as applicable);

        FPIs other than FPIs which are individuals, corporate bodies and family offices Bidding under the QIBs
         category;

        FPIs which are individuals, corporate bodies and family offices, Bidding under the NIIs category;

        Trusts/societies registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, or under any other law relating to
         trusts/societies and who are authorised under their respective constitutions to hold and invest in equity
         shares;

        National Investment Fund set up by resolution no. F. No. 2/3/2005-DD-II dated November 23, 2005 of
         the GoI published in the Gazette of India;

        Limited liability partnerships registered under the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008;

        Any other person eligible to Bid/Apply in the Offer, under the laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and
         policies applicable to them and under Indian laws; and

        As per the existing regulations, OCBs are not allowed to participate in an Offer.




                                                          7
                                    SECTION 4: APPLYING IN THE OFFER

Book Built Offer: Bidders should only use the specified Bid cum Application Form bearing stamp of a Designated
Intermediary as available or downloaded from the websites of the Stock Exchanges.

Bid cum Application Forms are available with the Designated Intermediaries at the Bidding Centres and at the
registered office of the Issuer. Electronic Bid cum Application Forms will be available on the websites of the
Stock Exchanges at least one day prior to the Bid/Offer Opening Date. For further details regarding availability
of Bid cum Application Forms, Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus and advertisements in the newspaper(s).
For Anchor Investors, Bid cum Application Forms shall be available at the offices of the BRLMs.

Fixed Price Offer: Applicants should only use the specified Bid cum Application Form bearing the stamp of the
Designated Intermediary as available or downloaded from the websites of the Stock Exchanges. Application
Forms will also be available with the Designated Branches of the SCSBs and at the registered office of the Issuer.
For further details regarding availability of Application Forms, Applicants may refer to the Prospectus.

Bidders/Applicants should ensure that they apply in the appropriate category. The prescribed color of the Bid cum
Application Form for various categories of Bidders/Applicants is as follows:

                                         Category                                         Color of the Bid cum
                                                                                            Application Form
 Resident Indian, Eligible NRIs applying on a non repatriation basis                    White
 NRIs applying on a repatriation basis, FPIs                                            Blue
 Anchor Investors (where applicable)                                                    As specified by the Issuer
 Reserved Category                                                                      As specified by the Issuer

Securities issued in an IPO can only be in dematerialized form in accordance with Section 29 of the Companies
Act, 2013. Bidders/Applicants will not have the option of getting the Allotment of specified securities in physical
form.

4.1      INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILLING THE BID CUM APPLICATION FORM/ APPLICATION
         FORM

         Bidders/Applicants may note that Bid cum Application Form not filled completely or correctly as per
         instructions provided in this GID, the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form/Application
         Form are liable to be rejected.

         Instructions to fill each field of the Bid cum Application Form can be found on the reverse side of the
         Bid cum Application Form.

         The samples of the Bid cum Application Form for resident Bidders and the Bid cum Application Form
         for non-resident Bidders are reproduced below:




                                                             8
Application Form – For Residents




             9
                                 Application Form – For Non – Residents




Specific instructions for filling various fields of the Resident Bid cum Application Form and Non-Resident Bid
cum Application Form and samples are provided below.




                                                     10
4.1.1   FIELD NUMBER 1:          NAME       AND     CONTACT        DETAILS       OF    THE     SOLE/FIRST
        BIDDER/APPLICANT

        (a)   Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the name provided in this field is exactly the same as the
              name in which the Depository Account is held.

        (b)   Mandatory Fields: Bidders/Applicants should note that the name and address fields are
              compulsory and e-mail and/or telephone number/mobile number fields are optional.
              Bidders/Applicants should note that the contact details mentioned in the Bid-cum Application
              Form/Application Form may be used to dispatch communications (including letters notifying
              the unblocking of the bank accounts of Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) in case the
              communication sent to the address available with the Depositories are returned undelivered or
              are not available. The contact details provided in the Bid cum Application Form may be used
              by the Issuer, Designated Intermediaries and the Registrar to the Offer only for
              correspondence(s) related to an Offer and for no other purposes.

        (c)   Joint Bids/Applications: In the case of Joint Bids/Applications, the Bids /Applications should
              be made in the name of the Bidder/Applicant whose name appears first in the Depository
              account. The name so entered should be the same as it appears in the Depository records. The
              signature of only such first Bidder/Applicant would be required in the Bid cum Application
              Form/Application Form and such first Bidder/Applicant would be deemed to have signed on
              behalf of the joint holders. All communications may be addressed to such first Bidder/Applicant
              and may be dispatched to his or her address as per the Demographic Details received from the
              Depositories.

        (d)   Impersonation: Attention of the Bidders/Applicants is specifically drawn to the provisions of
              sub-section (1) of Section 38 of the Companies Act, 2013 which is reproduced below:

              “Any person who:

              (a)     makes or abets making of an application in a fictitious name to a company for
                      acquiring, or subscribing for, its securities; or

              (b)      makes or abets making of multiple applications to a company in different names or
                       in different combinations of his name or surname for acquiring or subscribing for
                       its securities; or

              (c)      otherwise induces directly or indirectly a company to allot, or register any transfer
                       of, securities to him, or to any other person in a fictitious name,

              shall be liable for action under Section 447.”

              The liability prescribed under Section 447 of the Companies Act, 2013 includes imprisonment
              for a term which shall not be less than six months extending up to 10 years (provided that where
              the fraud involves public interest, such term shall not be less than three years) and fine of an
              amount not less than the amount involved in the fraud, extending up to three times of such
              amount.

        (e)   Nomination Facility to Bidder/Applicant: Nomination facility is available in accordance with
              the provisions of Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013. For Allotment of the Equity Shares
              in dematerialized form, there will be no separate nomination as the nomination registered with
              the Depository may prevail. For changing nominations, the Bidders/Applicants should inform
              their respective DP.

4.1.2   FIELD NUMBER 2: PAN OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT

        (a)   PAN (of the sole/ first Bidder/Applicant) provided in the Bid cum Application
              Form/Application Form should be exactly the same as the PAN of the person(s) in whose name
              the relevant beneficiary account is held as per the Depositories’ records.

        (b)   PAN is the sole identification number for participants transacting in the securities market
              irrespective of the amount of transaction except for Bids/Applications on behalf of the Central



                                                   11
              or State Government, Bids/Applications by officials appointed by the courts and
              Bids/Applications by Bidders/Applicants residing in Sikkim (“PAN Exempted
              Bidders/Applicants”). Consequently, all Bidders/Applicants, other than the PAN Exempted
              Bidders/Applicants, are required to disclose their PAN in the Bid cum Application
              Form/Application Form, irrespective of the Bid/Application Amount. A Bid cum Application
              Form/Application Form without PAN, except in case of PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants, is
              liable to be rejected. Bids/Applications by the Bidders/Applicants whose PAN is not available
              as per the Demographic Details available in their Depository records, are liable to be rejected.

        (c)   The exemption for the PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants is subject to (a) the Demographic
              Details received from the respective Depositories confirming the exemption granted to the
              beneficial owner by a suitable description in the PAN field and the beneficiary account
              remaining in “active status”; and (b) in the case of residents of Sikkim, the address as per the
              Demographic Details evidencing the same.

        (d)   Bid cum Application Forms/Application Forms which provide the General Index Register
              Number instead of PAN may be rejected.

        (e)   Bids/Applications by Bidders whose demat accounts have been ‘suspended for credit’ are liable
              to be rejected pursuant to the circular issued by SEBI on July 29, 2010, bearing number
              CIR/MRD/DP/22/2010. Such accounts are classified as “Inactive demat accounts” and
              Demographic Details are not provided by depositories.

4.1.3   FIELD NUMBER 3: BIDDERS/APPLICANTS DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS

        (a)   Bidders/Applicants should ensure that DP ID and the Client ID are correctly filled in the Bid
              cum Application Form/Application Form. The DP ID and Client ID provided in the Bid cum
              Application Form/Application Form should match with the DP ID and Client ID available in
              the Depository database, otherwise, the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form is
              liable to be rejected.

        (b)   Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the beneficiary account provided in the Bid cum
              Application Form/Application Form is active.

        (c)   Bidders/Applicants should note that on the basis of the PAN, DP ID and Client ID as provided
              in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form, the Bidder/Applicant may be deemed to
              have authorized the Depositories to provide to the Registrar to the Offer, any requested
              Demographic Details of the Bidder/Applicant as available on the records of the depositories.
              These Demographic Details may be used, among other things, for any correspondence(s) related
              to the Offer.

        (d)   Bidders/Applicants are, advised to update any changes to their Demographic Details as available
              in the records of the Depository Participant to ensure accuracy of records. Any delay resulting
              from failure to update the Demographic Details would be at the Bidders/Applicants’ sole risk.

4.1.4   FIELD NUMBER 4: BID OPTIONS

        (a)   Price or Floor Price or Price Band, minimum Bid Lot and Discount (if applicable) may be
              disclosed in the Prospectus/RHP by the Issuer. The Issuer is required to announce the Floor
              Price or Price Band, minimum Bid Lot and Discount (if applicable) by way of an advertisement
              in at least one English, one Hindi and one regional newspaper, with wide circulation at the place
              where the Issuer’s registered office is situated, at least two Working Days before Bid/Offer
              Opening Date in case of an IPO, and at least one Working Day before Bid/Offer Opening Date
              in case of an FPO.

        (b)   The Bidders may Bid at or above Floor Price or within the Price Band for IPOs /FPOs
              undertaken through the Book Building Process. In the case of Alternate Book Building Process
              for an FPO, the Bidders may Bid at Floor Price or any price above the Floor Price (For further
              details Bidders may refer to (Section 5.6 (e))

        (c)   Cut-Off Price: Retail Individual Investors or Employees or Retail Individual Shareholders in
              the Shareholder Reservation Portion (if any) can Bid at the Cut-off Price indicating their


                                                    12
              agreement to Bid for and purchase the Equity Shares at the Offer Price as determined at the end
              of the Book Building Process. Bidding at the Cut-off Price is prohibited for QIBs and NIIs and
              such Bids from QIBs and NIIs are liable to be rejected.

       (d)    Minimum Application Value and Bid Lot: The Issuer in consultation with the Book Running
              Lead Managers may decide the minimum number of Equity Shares for each Bid to ensure that
              the minimum application value is within the range of ₹ 10,000 to ₹15,000. The minimum Bid
              Lot is accordingly determined by an Issuer on the basis of such minimum application value.

       (e)    Allotment: The Allotment of specified securities to each RII shall not be less than the minimum
              Bid Lot, subject to availability of shares in the Retail Category, and the remaining available
              shares, if any, shall be Allotted on a proportionate basis. For details of the minimum Bid Lot,
              Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus or the advertisement regarding the Price Band
              published by the Issuer.

4.1.4.1 Maximum and Minimum Bid Size

       (a)    The Bidder may Bid for the desired number of Equity Shares at a specific price. Bids by Retail
              Individual Investors and Retail Individual Shareholders must be for such number of shares so
              as to ensure that the Bid Amount less Discount (as applicable), payable by the Bidder does not
              exceed ₹ 200,000.

              In case the Bid Amount exceeds ₹ 200,000 due to revision of the Bid or any other reason, the
              Bid may be considered for allocation under the Non-Institutional Category, with it not being
              eligible for Discount then such Bid may be rejected if it is at the Cut-off Price.

              The maximum bid Amount under the Employee Reservation Portion by an Eligible Employee
              could not exceed ₹ 500,000. However, the initial Allotment to an Eligible Employee in the
              Employee Reservation Portion could not exceed ₹ 200,000. Only in the event of an under-
              subscription in the Employee Reservation Portion post the initial Allotment, such unsubscribed
              portion may be Allotted on a proportionate basis to Eligible Employees Bidding in the
              Employee Reservation Portion, for a value in excess of ₹ 200,000, subject to the total Allotment
              to an Eligible Employee not exceeding ₹ 500,000.

       (b)    For NRIs, a Bid Amount of up to ₹ 200,000 may be considered under the Retail Category for
              the purposes of allocation and a Bid Amount exceeding ₹ 200,000 may be considered under the
              Non-Institutional Category for the purposes of allocation.

       (c)    Bids by QIBs and NIIs must be for such minimum number of shares such that the Bid Amount
              exceeds ₹ 200,000 and in multiples of such number of Equity Shares thereafter, as may be
              disclosed in the Bid cum Application Form and the RHP/Prospectus, or as advertised by the
              Issuer, as the case may be. Non-Institutional Investors and QIBs are not allowed to Bid at ‘Cut-
              off Price’.

       (d)    RIIs may revise or withdraw their bids until the Bid/Offer Closing Date. QIBs and NII’s cannot
              withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any
              stage after bidding and all categories of investors are required to pay the Bid Amount upon
              submission of the Bid.

       (e)    In case the Bid Amount reduces to ₹ 200,000 or less due to a revision of the Price Band, Bids
              by the Non-Institutional Investors who are eligible for allocation in the Retail Category would
              be considered for allocation under the Retail Category.

       (f)    For Anchor Investors, if applicable, the Bid Amount shall be least ₹ 10 crores. One-third of the
              Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids
              being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the price at which allocation is being
              done to other Anchor Investors. Bids by various schemes of a Mutual Fund shall be aggregated
              to determine the Bid Amount. A Bid cannot be submitted for more than 60% of the QIB
              Category under the Anchor Investor Portion. Anchor Investors cannot withdraw their Bids or
              lower the size of their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any
              stage after the Anchor Investor Bid/Offer Period and are required to pay the Bid Amount at the
              time of submission of the Bid. In case the Anchor Investor Allocation Price is lower than the


                                                   13
                Offer Price, the balance amount shall be payable as per the pay-in-date mentioned in the revised
                CAN. In case the Offer Price is lower than the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, the amount in
                excess of the Offer Price paid by the Anchor Investors shall not be refunded to them.

        (g)     A Bid by QIB bidder cannot be submitted for more than the Offer size.

        (h)     The maximum Bid by any Bidder including QIB Bidder should not exceed the investment limits
                prescribed for them under the applicable laws. It is clarified that, multiple Bids by a FPI Bidder
                utilising the multi investment manager structure shall be aggregated for determining the
                permissible maximum Bid.

        (i)     A Bid by NII bidder cannot be submitted for more than the Offer size excluding QIB portion.

        (j)     The price and quantity options submitted by the Bidder in the Bid cum Application Form may
                be treated as optional bids from the Bidder and may not be cumulated. After determination of
                the Offer Price, the number of Equity Shares Bid for by a Bidder at or above the Offer Price
                may be considered for Allotment and the rest of the Bid(s), irrespective of the Bid Amount may
                automatically become invalid. This is not applicable in case of FPOs undertaken through
                Alternate Book Building Process (For details of Bidders may refer to (Section 5.6 (e)).

4.1.4.2 Multiple Bids

        (a)     Bidder should submit only one Bid cum Application Form. Bidder shall have the option to make
                a maximum of Bids at three different price levels in the Bid cum Application Form and such
                options are not considered as multiple Bids.

                Submission of a second Bid cum Application Form to either the same or to another Designated
                Intermediary and duplicate copies of Bid cum Application Forms bearing the same application
                number shall be treated as multiple Bids and are liable to be rejected.

        (b)     Bidders are requested to note the following procedures may be followed by the Registrar to the
                Offer to detect multiple Bids:

                i.       All Bids may be checked for common PAN as per the records of the Depository. For
                         Bidders other than Mutual Funds and FPIs which utilise the multi investment manager
                         structure of the same beneficial owner as provided under Regulation 20 (4)(d)(xiii) of
                         the SEBI Foreign Portfolio Regulations, 2019, Bids bearing the same PAN may be
                         treated as multiple Bids by a Bidder and may be rejected.

                ii.      For Bids from Mutual Funds and FPIs that utilise the multi investment manager
                         structure, submitted under the same PAN, as well as Bids on behalf of the PAN
                         Exempted Bidders/ Applicants, the Bid cum Application Forms may be checked for
                         common DP ID and Client ID. Such Bids which have the same DP ID and Client ID
                         may be treated as multiple Bids and are liable to be rejected.

        (c)     The following Bids may not be treated as multiple Bids:

                i.       Bids by Eligible Employees and Retail Individual Shareholders in their respective
                         Reservation Portion as well as Bids made by them in the Net Offer portion in the public
                         category.

                ii.      Separate Bids by Mutual Funds in respect of more than one scheme of the Mutual Fund
                         provided that the Bids clearly indicate the scheme for which the Bid has been made.

                iii.     Bids by Mutual Funds submitted with the same PAN but with different beneficiary
                         account numbers, Client IDs and DP IDs.

                iv.      Bids by FPIs which utilise the multi investment manager structure , submitted with the
                         same PAN but with different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs and DP IDs.

                v.       Bids by Anchor Investors under the Anchor Investor Portion and the QIB Category.




                                                      14
4.1.5   FIELD NUMBER 5 : CATEGORY OF BIDDERS

        (a)   The categories of Bidders identified as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of
              Bidding, allocation and allotment in the Offer are RIIs, NIIs and QIBs.

        (b)   Up to 60% of the QIB Category can be allocated by the Issuer, on a discretionary basis subject
              to the criteria of minimum and maximum number of Anchor Investors based on allocation size,
              to the Anchor Investors, in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, with one-third of the
              Anchor Investor Portion reserved for domestic Mutual Funds subject to valid Bids being
              received at or above the Offer Price. For details regarding allocation to Anchor Investors,
              Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

        (c)   An Issuer can make reservation for certain categories of Bidders/Applicants as permitted under
              the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For details of any reservations made in the Offer,
              Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

        (d)   The SEBI ICDR Regulations, specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various
              categories of Bidders in an Offer depending upon compliance with the eligibility conditions.
              Details pertaining to allocation are disclosed on reverse side of the Revision Form. For Offer
              specific details in relation to allocation Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

4.1.6   FIELD NUMBER 6: BIDDER STATUS

        (a)   Each Bidder/Applicant should check whether it is eligible to apply under applicable law and
              ensure that any prospective Allotment to it in the Offer is in compliance with the investment
              restrictions under applicable law.

        (b)   Certain categories of Bidders/Applicants, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to
              Bid/Apply in the Offer or hold Equity Shares exceeding certain limits specified under applicable
              law. Bidders/Applicants are requested to refer to the RHP/Prospectus for more details.

        (c)   Bidders/Applicants should check whether they are eligible to apply on non-repatriation basis or
              repatriation basis and should accordingly provide the investor status. Details regarding investor
              status are different in the Resident Bid cum Application Form and Non-Resident Bid cum
              Application Form.

        (d)   Bidders/Applicants should ensure that their investor status is updated in the Depository records.

4.1.7   FIELD NUMBER 7: PAYMENT DETAILS

        (a)   Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in this field.
              In case the Bidder doesn’t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then
              the application would be rejected. For application submitted by RIIs to Designated
              Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), RIIs providing both, the ASBA Bank account details as well
              as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application. NRIs applying
              in the Offer through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether
              their account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.

        (b)   The full Bid Amount (net of any Discount, as applicable) shall be blocked based on the
              authorization provided in the Bid cum Application Form. If the Discount is applicable in the
              Offer, the RIIs and Retail Individual Shareholders and Employees Bidding in the Employee
              Reservation Portion (if any) should indicate the full Bid Amount in the Bid cum Application
              Form and the payment shall be blocked for the Bid Amount net of Discount. Only in cases
              where the RHP/Prospectus indicates that part payment may be made, such an option can be
              exercised by the Bidder. In case of Bidders specifying more than one Bid Option in the Bid cum
              Application Form, the total Bid Amount may be calculated for the highest of three options at
              net price, i.e. Bid price less Discount offered, if any.

        (c)   RIIs bidding at Cut-off price, the amount shall be blocked based on the Cap Price .

        (d)   All QIB and NII Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) can participate in the Offer only through
              the ASBA mechanism



                                                    15
        (e)     RIIs submitting their applications through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) can
                participate in the Offer only through the UPI mechanism, using their UPI ID linked with their
                bank account. RIIs applying in the Offer through the UPI mechanism shall ensure that the name
                of the bank, with which the RII maintains his account, appears in the list of SCSBs displayed
                on the SEBI website, which are live on UPI. RIIs shall also ensure that the name of the mobile
                application and the UPI handle being used for making the application in the Offer are also
                appearing in the “list of mobile applications for using UPI in public issues” displayed on the
                SEBI website. NRIs applying in the Offer through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire
                with the relevant Bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to making such application
                through Channel III.

        (f)     Bid Amount cannot be paid in cash, cheque, demand draft, through money order or through
                postal order.

4.1.7.1. Instructions for Anchor Investors:

        (a)     Anchor Investors shall submit their Bids only with any of the BRLMs to the Offer.

        (b)     Payments should be made either by direct credit, RTGS, NACH or NEFT.

        (c)     The Anchor Escrow Bank(s) shall maintain the monies in the Anchor Escrow Account for and
                on behalf of the Anchor Investors until the Designated Date.

4.1.7.2. Payment instructions for Bidders (other than Anchor Investors)

        (a)     RIIs bidding through Designated Intermediaries should note that with the introduction of
                UPI as a payment mechanism, there are three channels of making applications in public issues
                available to them in UPI Phase II (i.e., from July 1, 2019 until March 31, 2020). The three
                channels for making applications in public issues available to RIIs bidding through Designated
                Intermediaries are as follows:

                         Channel I                       Channel II                    Channel III

                 RIIs may submit the Bid       RIIs may submit the Bid cum    RIIs may submit the Bid cum
                 cum Application Form          Application Form online        Application Form with any of
                 with ASBA as the sole         using the facility of linked   the Designated Intermediaries
                 mechanism for making          online trading, demat and      (other than SCSBs) and use
                 payment either physically     bank account (3-in-1 type      his/her UPI ID for the purpose
                 (at the branch of the SCSB)   accounts) provided by some     of blocking of funds.
                 or online.                    of the brokers.

                 For such applications the
                 existing    process    of
                 uploading the bid and
                 blocking of funds in the
                 RIIs account by the SCSB
                 would continue.



                RIIs bidding in the Offer through UPI shall make such applications only through the
                SCSBs/mobile applications whose name appears on the SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in at the
                following path:

                Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » Self
                Certified Syndicate Banks eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI

                Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » list of
                mobile applications for using UPI in public issues




                                                    16
RIIs whose bank is not live on UPI may use the other alternate channels available to them, i.e.,
submission of application form with SCSB (Channel I) or using the facility of linked online
trading, demat and bank account (Channel II).

NRIs applying in the Offer through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant
Bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel
III.

For UPI Phase III, RIIs will also have the option to use the same channels (as described above)
for making applications in a public issue.

Please see below a graphical illustrative process of the investor receiving and approving the UPI
Mandate Request.




                                      17
18
19
(b)   QIB and NII Bidders may submit the Bid cum Application Form either

      i.       to SCSBs in physical or electronic mode through the internet banking facility offered
               by an SCSB authorizing blocking of funds that are available in the ASBA account
               specified in the Bid cum Application Form, or

      ii.      in physical mode to any Designated Intermediary.

(c)   Bidders must specify the Bank Account number or the UPI ID (for RIIs bidding using the UPI
      mechanism), as applicable, in the Bid cum Application Form. The Bid cum Application Form
      submitted by a Bidder and which is accompanied by cash, demand draft, cheque, money order,
      postal order or any mode of payment other than blocked amounts in the ASBA Account, may
      not be accepted.

(d)   Bidders should note that application made using third party UPI ID or ASBA Account is liable
      to be rejected.

(e)   NRIs applying in the Offer through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant
      Bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel
      III.

(f)   Bidders shall note that for the purpose of blocking funds under ASBA facility clearly
      demarcated funds shall be available in the ASBA Account.

(g)   Bidders (other than RIIs bidding through the non-UPI mechanism) should submit the Bid cum
      Application Form only at the Bidding Centers, i.e. to the respective member of the Syndicate at
      the Specified Locations, the SCSBs, the Registered Broker at the Broker Centres, the CRTA at
      the Designated RTA Locations or CDP at the Designated CDP Locations. RIIs bidding through
      the non-UPI mechanism should either submit the physical Bid cum Application Form with the
      SCSBs or Designated Branches of SCSBs under Channel I or submit the Bid cum Application
      Form online using the facility of 3-in1 type accounts under Channel II.

(h)   Bidders (other than RIIs bidding through the non-UPI mechanism) bidding through
      Designated Intermediaries other than a SCSB, should note that ASBA Forms submitted to
      such Designated Intermediary may not be accepted, if the SCSB where the ASBA Account, as
      specified in the Bid cum Application Form, is maintained has not named at least one branch at
      that location for such Designated Intermediary, to deposit ASBA Forms.

(i)   Bidders bidding directly through the SCSBs should ensure that the Bid cum Application
      Form is submitted to a Designated Branch of a SCSB where the ASBA Account is maintained.

(j)   Upon receipt of the Bid cum Application Form, the Designated Branch of the SCSB may verify
      if sufficient funds equal to the Bid Amount are available in the ASBA Account, as mentioned
      in the Bid cum Application Form.

(k)   If sufficient funds are available in the ASBA Account, the SCSB may block an amount
      equivalent to the Bid Amount mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form and for application
      directly submitted to SCSB by investor, may enter each Bid option into the electronic bidding
      system as a separate Bid.

(l)   If sufficient funds are not available in the ASBA Account, the Designated Branch of the SCSB
      may not upload such Bids on the Stock Exchange platform and such bids are liable to be
      rejected.

(m)   Upon submission of a completed Bid cum Application Form each Bidder (not being a RII who
      has opted for the UPI mechanism and provided a UPI ID with the Bid cum Application Form)
      may be deemed to have agreed to block the entire Bid Amount and authorized the Designated
      Branch of the SCSB to block the Bid Amount specified in the Bid cum Application Form in the
      ASBA Account maintained with the SCSBs. For details regarding blocking of Bid Amount for
      RIIs who have provided a UPI ID with the Application Form please refer to paragraph 4.1.7.4.



                                           20
        (n)     The Bid Amount may remain blocked in the aforesaid ASBA Account until finalisation of the
                Basis of Allotment and consequent transfer of the Bid Amount against the Allotted Equity
                Shares to the Public Offer Account, or until withdrawal or failure of the Offer, or until
                withdrawal or rejection of the Bid, as the case may be.

        (o)     SCSBs bidding in the Offer must apply through an Account maintained with any other SCSB;
                else their Bids are liable to be rejected.

4.1.7.3. Unblocking of ASBA Account

        (a)     Once the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Registrar to
                the Offer may provide the following details to the controlling branches of each SCSB or the
                Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, along with instructions to unblock the relevant ASBA
                Accounts and for successful applications transfer the requisite money to the Public Offer
                Account designated for this purpose, within the specified timelines: (i) the number of Equity
                Shares to be Allotted against each Bid, (ii) the amount to be transferred from the relevant ASBA
                Account to the Public Offer Account, for each Bid, (iii) the date by which funds referred to in
                (ii) above may be transferred to the Public Offer Account, (iv) the amount to be unblocked, if
                any in case of partial allotments and (v) details of rejected ASBA Bids, if any, along with
                reasons for rejection and details of withdrawn or unsuccessful Bids, if any, to enable the SCSBs
                or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, to unblock the respective ASBA Accounts.

        (b)     On the basis of instructions from the Registrar to the Offer, the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as
                the case may be, may transfer the requisite amount against each successful Bidder to the Public
                Offer Account and may unblock the excess amount, if any, in the ASBA Account.

        (c)     In the event of withdrawal or rejection of the Bid cum Application Form and for unsuccessful
                Bids, the Registrar to the Offer may give instructions to the SCSB or to the Sponsor Bank to
                revoke the mandate and, as the case may be, to unblock the Bid Amount in the relevant account
                within four Working Days of the Bid/Offer Closing Date.

4.1.7.4. Additional Payment Instructions for RIIs bidding through Designated Intermediaries (other than
         SCSBs) using the UPI mechanism

        (a)     Before submission of the application form with the Designated Intermediary, an RII shall
                download the mobile application, associated with the UPI ID linked bank account, for UPI and
                create a UPI ID (xyz@bankname) of not more than 45 characters with its bank and link it to
                his/ her bank account where the funds equivalent to the application amount is available. RIIs
                shall also ensure that the name of the mobile application and the UPI handle being used for
                making the application in the Offer are appearing in the following path on SEBI website –
                www.sebi.gov.in:

                Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » list of
                mobile applications for using UPI in public issues

                It is clarified that if a RII makes an application through a UPI handle not covered in the
                prescribed list (as mentioned in the path above), such an application is liable to be rejected.

        (b)     RIIs shall ensure that the bank, with which it has its bank account, where the funds equivalent
                to the application amount is available for blocking has been notified as Issuer Banks for UPI.
                A list of such banks is available at the following path on SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in:

                Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » Self
                Certified Syndicate Banks eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI

                It is clarified that if a RII makes an application using a bank account of an SCSB or bank which
                is not covered in the prescribed list (as mentioned in the path above), such an application is
                liable to be rejected.

        (c)     RIIs shall mention his / her UPI ID along with the bid details in the Bid cum Application Form



                                                     21
                 in capital letters and submit the Bid cum Application Form to any of the Designated
                 Intermediaries (other than SCSBs). It is clarified that if an RII submits a third party UPI ID
                 instead of his/her own UPI ID in the Bid cum Application Form, the application is liable to be
                 rejected.

        (d)      The Designated Intermediary (other than SCSBs) upon receipt of the Bid cum Application Form
                 will upload the bid details along with UPI ID in the stock exchange bidding platform.

        (e)      Once the bid has been entered into the Stock Exchange bidding platform, the stock exchange
                 will validate the PAN and Demat Account details of the RII with the Depository. The
                 Depository will validate the aforesaid details on a real time basis and send a response to the
                 stock exchange which will be shared by the stock exchange with the respective Designated
                 Intermediary through its bidding platform, for corrections, if any.

        (f)      Once the bid details have been validated by the Depository, the stock exchange will, on a
                 continuous basis, electronically share the bid details along with the UPI ID of the concerned RII
                 with the Sponsor Bank appointed by the Issuer.

        (g)      The Sponsor Bank will validate the UPI ID of the RII before initiating the Mandate request.

        (h)      The Sponsor Bank after validating the UPI ID will initiate a UPI Mandate Request for valid UPI
                 ID on the RII which will be electronically received by the RII as an SMS / intimation on his /
                 her mobile number / mobile app associated with the UPI ID linked account. The RII shall ensure
                 that the details of the Bid are correct by opening the attachment in the UPI Mandate Request
                 and then proceed to authorise the UPI Mandate Request using his/her UPI PIN. Upon the
                 authorization of the mandate using his/her UPI PIN, an RII may be deemed to have verified the
                 attachment containing the application details of the RII in the UPI Mandate Request and have
                 agreed to block the entire Bid Amount mentioned in the Bid Cum Application Form and
                 subsequent debit in case of Allotment.

        (i)      Upon successful validation of the block request by the RII, the said information would be
                 electronically received by the RII’s bank, where the funds, equivalent to the application amount
                 would get blocked in the ASBA Account of the RII. Intimation regarding confirmation of such
                 blocking of funds in the ASBA Account of the RII would also be received by the RII.
                 Information on the block status request would be shared with the Sponsor Bank which in turn
                 would share it with the stock exchange which in turn would share it with the Registrar in the
                 form of a file for the purpose of reconciliation and display it on the stock exchange bidding
                 platform for the information of the Designated Intermediary.

        (j)      RIIs may continue to modify or withdraw the Bid till the closure of the Bidding Period. For
                 each modification of the Bid, the RII will submit a revised Bid and will receive a UPI Mandate
                 Request from the Sponsor Bank to be validated as per the process indicated above.

        (k)      RIIs to check the correctness of the details on the mandate received before approving the
                 Mandate Request.

        (l)      Post closure of the Offer, the stock exchange will share the Bid details with the Registrar along
                 with the final file received from the Sponsor Bank containing status of blocked funds or
                 otherwise, along with the ASBA Account details with respect to applications made by RIIs
                 using UPI ID.

4.1.7.5. Discount (if applicable)

        (a)      The Discount is stated in absolute rupee terms.

        (b)      Bidders applying under Retail Category, Retail Individual Shareholder and Employees under
                 Employee Reservation Portion are only eligible for discount. For Discounts offered in the Offer,
                 Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.



                                                       22
        (c)      The Bidders entitled to the applicable Discount in the Offer may block their ASBA Account for
                 an amount i.e. the Bid Amount less Discount (if applicable).

        Bidder (other than employees) may note that in case the net amount blocked (post Discount) is more than
        two lakh Rupees, the Bidding system automatically considers such applications for allocation under Non-
        Institutional Category. These applications are neither eligible for Discount nor fall under Retail Category.

4.1.8   FIELD NUMBER 8: SIGNATURES AND OTHER AUTHORISATIONS

        (a)      Only the First Bidder/Applicant is required to sign the Bid cum Application Form/Application
                 Form. Bidders/Applicants should ensure that signatures are in one of the languages specified in
                 the Eighth Schedule to the Constitution of India.

        (b)      The signature has to be correctly affixed in the authorization/undertaking box in the Bid cum
                 Application Form/Application Form, or an authorisation has to be provided to the SCSB or
                 using the UPI to the Sponsor Bank, via the electronic mode, for blocking funds in the ASBA
                 Account equivalent to the Bid Amount mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application
                 Form.

        (c)      Bidders/Applicants must note that Bid cum Application Form/Application Form without
                 signature of Bidder/Applicant and /or ASBA Account holder is liable to be rejected.

4.1.9   ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND FUTURE COMMUNICATION

        (a)      Bidders should ensure that they receive the Acknowledgment slip or the acknowledgement
                 number duly signed and stamped by a Designated Intermediary, as applicable, for submission
                 of the Bid cum Application Form.

        (b)      All communications in connection with Bids/Applications made in the Offer should be
                 addressed as under:

                 i.       In case of queries related to Allotment, non-receipt of Allotment Advice, credit of
                          Allotted Equity Shares, unblocking of funds, the Bidders/Applicants should contact
                          the Registrar to the Offer.

                 ii.      In case of Bids submitted to the Designated Branches of the SCSBs, the
                          Bidders/Applicants should contact the relevant Designated Branch of the SCSB.

                 iii.     In case of queries relating to uploading of Syndicate ASBA Bids, the
                          Bidders/Applicants should contact the relevant Syndicate Member.

                 iv.      In case of queries relating to uploading of Bids by a Designated Intermediary, the
                          Bidders/Applicants should contact the relevant Designated Intermediary.

                 v.       In case of queries relating to uploading of Bids through the UPI Mechanism, the
                          Bidders/Applicants should contact the Designated Intermediary/BRLM.

                 vi.      Bidder/Applicant may contact the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer or
                          BRLM(s) in case of any other complaints in relation to the Offer.

        (c)      The following details (as applicable) should be quoted while making any queries –

                 i.       full name of the sole or First Bidder/Applicant, Bid cum Application Form number,
                          Applicants’/Bidders’ DP ID, Client ID, PAN, number of Equity Shares applied for,
                          amount paid on application.

                 ii.      name and address of the Designated Intermediary, where the Bid was submitted along
                          with the acknowledgment slip from Designated Intermediary or

                 iii.     Bids, ASBA Account number or the UPI ID (for RIIs who make the payment of Bid
                          Amount through the UPI mechanism) linked to the ASBA Account where the Bid
                          Amount was blocked.



                                                        23
      For further details, Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application
      Form.

4.2   INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING THE REVISION FORM

      (a)     During the Bid/Offer Period, any Bidder/Applicant (other than QIBs and NIIs, who can only
              revise their bid upwards) who has registered his or her interest in the Equity Shares at a
              particular price level is free to revise his or her Bid within the Price Band using the Revision
              Form, which is a part of the Bid cum Application Form.

      (b)     RII may revise their Bids or withdraw their bids until Bid/Offer Closing date.

      (c)     Revisions can be made in both the desired number of Equity Shares and the Bid Amount by
              using the Revision Form.

      (d)     The Bidder/Applicant can make this revision any number of times during the Bid/ Offer Period.
              However, for any revision(s) in the Bid, the Bidders/Applicants will have to use the services of
              the same Designated Intermediary through which such Bidder/Applicant had placed the original
              Bid. It is clarified that RIIs whose original Bid is made using the UPI mechanism can make
              revision(s) to their Bid using the UPI mechanism only, whereby each time the Sponsor Bank
              will initiate a new UPI Mandate Request. Bidders/Applicants are advised to retain copies of the
              blank Revision Form and the Bid(s) must be made only in such Revision Form or copies thereof.




                                                   24
A sample revision form is reproduced below:




Instructions to fill each field of the Revision Form can be found on the reverse side of the Revision Form.
Other than instructions already highlighted at paragraph 4.1 above, point wise instructions regarding
filling up various fields of the Revision Form are provided below:




                                               25
4.2.1   FIELDS 1, 2 AND 3: NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE/FIRST
        BIDDER/APPLICANT, PAN OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT & DEPOSITORY
        ACCOUNT DETAILS OF THE BIDDER/APPLICANT

        Bidders/Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3.

4.2.2   FIELD 4 & 5: BID OPTIONS REVISION ‘FROM’ AND ‘TO’

        (a)      Apart from mentioning the revised options in the Revision Form, the Bidder/Applicant must
                 also mention the details of all the bid options given in his or her Bid cum Application Form or
                 earlier Revision Form. For example, if a Bidder/Applicant has Bid for three options in the Bid
                 cum Application Form and such Bidder/Applicant is changing only one of the options in the
                 Revision Form, the Bidder/Applicant must still fill the details of the other two options that are
                 not being revised, in the Revision Form. The Designated Intermediaries may not accept
                 incomplete or inaccurate Revision Forms.

        (b)      In case of revision, Bid options should be provided by Bidders/Applicants in the same order as
                 provided in the Bid cum Application Form.

        (c)      In case of revision of Bids by RIIs and Retail Individual Shareholders, such Bidders/Applicants
                 should ensure that the Bid Amount, subsequent to revision, does not exceed ₹ 200,000. In case
                 the Bid Amount exceeds ₹ 200,000 due to revision of the Bid or for any other reason, the Bid
                 may be considered, subject to eligibility, for allocation under the Non-Institutional Category,
                 not being eligible for Discount (if applicable) and such Bid may be rejected if it is at the Cut-
                 off Price. The Cut-off Price option is given only to the RIIs, Employees and Retail Individual
                 Shareholders indicating their agreement to Bid for and purchase the Equity Shares at the Offer
                 Price as determined at the end of the Book Building Process.

        (d)      In case of revision of Bids by Employees, such Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the Bid
                 Amount, subsequent to revision, does not exceed ₹ 500,000.

        (e)      If, however, the RII does not either revise the Bid or make additional payment and the Offer
                 Price is higher than the cap of the Price Band prior to revision, the number of Equity Shares Bid
                 for shall be adjusted downwards for the purpose of allocation, such that no additional payment
                 would be required from the RII and the RII is deemed to have approved such revised Bid at Cut-
                 off Price.

        (f)      In case of a downward revision in the Price Band, RIIs and Bids by Employees and Retail
                 Individual Shareholders under the Reservation Portion, who have bid at the Cut-off Price could
                 either revise their Bid or the excess amount paid at the time of Bidding will be unblocked.

4.2.3   FIELD 6: PAYMENT DETAILS

        (a)      All Bidders/Applicants are required to authorize blocking of the full Bid Amount (less Discount
                 (if applicable) at the time of submitting the Bid Revision Form. In case of Bidders/Applicants
                 specifying more than one Bid Option in the Bid cum Application Form, the total Bid Amount
                 may be calculated for the highest of three options at net price, i.e. Bid price less discount offered,
                 if any.

        (b)      Bidder/Applicant may issue instructions to block the revised amount based on cap of the revised
                 Price Band (adjusted for the Discount (if applicable) in the ASBA Account, to the same
                 Designated Intermediary through whom such Bidder/Applicant had placed the original Bid to
                 enable the relevant SCSB to block the additional Bid Amount, if any.

        (c)      In case of a downward revision in the Price Band, RIIs, Employees and Retail Individual
                 Shareholders, who have bid at the Cut-off Price, could either revise their Bid or the excess
                 amount paid at the time of Bidding may be unblocked.



4.2.4   FIELD 7 : SIGNATURES AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS




                                                         26
        Bidders/Applicants may refer to instructions contained at paragraphs 4.1.8 and 4.1.9 for this purpose.

4.3     INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING APPLICATION FORM IN ISSUES MADE OTHER THAN
        THROUGH THE BOOK BUILDING PROCESS (FIXED PRICE OFFER)

4.3.1   FIELDS 1, 2, 3 NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT,
        PAN OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT & DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS OF THE
        BIDDER/APPLICANT

        Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3.

4.3.2   FIELD 4: PRICE, APPLICATION QUANTITY & AMOUNT

        (a)      The Issuer may mention Price or Price Band in the draft Prospectus. However a prospectus
                 registered with RoC contains one price or coupon rate (as applicable).

        (b)      Minimum Application Value and Bid Lot: The Issuer in consultation with the Book Running
                 Lead Manager to the Offer (LM) may decide the minimum number of Equity Shares for each
                 Bid to ensure that the minimum application value is within the range of ₹ 10,000 to ₹ 15,000.
                 The minimum Lot size is accordingly determined by an Issuer on basis of such minimum
                 application value.

        (c)      Applications by RIIs and Retail Individual Shareholders, must be for such number of shares so
                 as to ensure that the application amount less Discount (as applicable) payable does not exceed
                 ₹ 200,000.

        (d)      Applications by Employees must be for such number of shares that the application amount
                 payable less Discount (as applicable) does not exceed ₹ 500,000.

        (e)      Applications by other investors must be for such minimum number of shares such that the
                 application amount exceeds ₹ 200,000 and in multiples of such number of Equity Shares
                 thereafter, as may be disclosed in the application form and the Prospectus, or as advertised by
                 the Issuer, as the case may be.

        (f)      An application cannot be submitted for more than the Offer size.

        (g)      The maximum application by any Applicant should not exceed the investment limits prescribed
                 for them under the applicable laws.

        (h)      Multiple Applications: An Applicant should submit only one Application Form. Submission
                 of a second Application Form to either the same or other SCSB and duplicate copies of
                 Application Forms bearing the same application number shall be treated as multiple applications
                 and are liable to be rejected.

        (i)      For details regarding the procedures to be followed by the Registrar to detect multiple
                 applications. Applicants should refer to paragraphs 4.1.4.2(b) and 4.1.4.2(c).

4.3.3   FIELD NUMBER 5 : CATEGORY OF APPLICANTS

        (a)      The categories of applicants identified as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of
                 Bidding, allocation and Allotment in the Offer are RIIs, individual applicants other than RII’s
                 and other investors (including corporate bodies or institutions, irrespective of the number of
                 specified securities applied for).

        (b)      An Issuer can make reservation for certain categories of Applicants permitted under the SEBI
                 ICDR Regulations. For details of any reservations made in the Offer, applicants may refer to
                 the Prospectus.

        (c)      The SEBI ICDR Regulations specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various
                 categories of applicants in an Offer depending upon compliance with the eligibility conditions.
                 Details pertaining to allocation are disclosed on reverse side of the Revision Form. For Offer
                 specific details in relation to allocation applicant may refer to the Prospectus.



                                                       27
4.3.4   FIELD NUMBER 6: INVESTOR STATUS

        Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.6.

4.3.5   FIELD 7: PAYMENT DETAILS

        (a)      Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in this field.
                 In case the Bidder doesn’t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then
                 the application would be rejected. For application submitted to Designated Intermediaries
                 (other than SCSBs), Bidder providing both the ASBA Bank account details as well as the UPI
                 ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application.

        (b)      All Applicants (other than Anchor Investors) are required to make use of ASBA for applying
                 in the Offer.

        (c)      RIIs applying through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) may make use of the UPI
                 mechanism for applying in the Offer. If RIIs are applying in the Offer through non-UPI
                 mechanism then it shall either submit physical Bid cum Application Form with the SCSBs or
                 the Designated Branches of the SCSBs under Channel I or submit the Bid cum Application
                 Form online using the facility of 3-in1 type accounts under Channel II.

        (d)      Application Amount cannot be paid in cash, cheques or demand drafts through money order or
                 through postal order or through stock invest.

4.3.5.1 Payment instructions for Applicants

        Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.7.2.

4.3.5.2 Unblocking of ASBA Account

        Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.3.

4.3.5.3 Additional Payment Instructions for RIIs bidding through Designated Intermediaries using the
        UPI mechanism

        Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.4.

4.3.5.4 Discount (if applicable)

        Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.5.

4.3.6   FIELD NUMBER  8:  SIGNATURES  AND   OTHER                                     AUTHORISATIONS                  &
        ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND FUTURE COMMUNICATION

        Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.8 & 4.1.9.

4.4     SUBMISSION OF BID CUM APPLICATION FORM/ REVISION FORM/APPLICATION
        FORM

4.4.1   Bidders/Applicants may submit completed Bid-cum-application form / Revision Form in the
        following manner:-

          Mode of Application                        Submission of Bid cum Application Form
         Anchor Investors          To one of the Book Running Lead Managers at the Specified Locations mentioned
         Application Form          in the Bid cum Application Form


         Applications from QIBs    (a)   To members of the Syndicate in the Specified Locations or Registered
         and NIIs                        Brokers at the Broker Centres or the CRTAs at the Designated RTA
                                         Locations or the CDPs at the Designated CDP Locations; and
                                   (b)   To the Designated Branches of the SCSBs where the ASBA Account is
                                         maintained
         Applications from RIIs    (a) To members of the Syndicate in the Specified Locations or Registered Brokers




                                                       28
  Mode of Application                       Submission of Bid cum Application Form
 applying through UPI         at the Broker Centres or the CRTAs at the Designated RTA Locations or the
 mechanism                    CDPs at the Designated CDP Locations; and
 Applications from RIIs   (a)     To the Designated Branches of the SCSBs where the ASBA Account is
 applying through non-           maintained
 UPI mechanism            (b)    To the Brokers providing the facility of linked online trading, demat and
                              bank account (3-in-1 type accounts) online

(a)     Bidders/Applicants should submit the Revision Form to the same Designated Intermediary
        through which such Bidder/Applicant had submitted the original Bid.

(b)     Upon submission of the Bid-cum-Application Form, the Bidder/Applicant will be deemed to
        have authorized the Issuer to make the necessary changes in the RHP and the Bid cum
        Application Form as would be required for filing Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies
        (RoC) and as would be required by the RoC after such filing, without prior or subsequent notice
        of such changes to the relevant Bidder/Applicant.

(c)     Upon determination of the Offer Price and filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, the Bid-cum-
        Application Form will be considered as the application form.




                                              29
                      SECTION 5: OFFER PROCEDURE IN BOOK BUILT OFFER

Book Building, in the context of the Offer, refers to the process of collection of Bids within the Price Band or
above the Floor Price and determining the Offer Price based on the Bids received as detailed in Schedule XIII of
SEBI ICDR Regulations 2018. The Offer Price is finalised after the Bid/Offer Closing Date. Valid Bids received
at or above the Offer Price are considered for allocation in the Offer, subject to applicable regulations and other
terms and conditions.

5.1      SUBMISSION OF BIDS

         (a)      During the Bid/Offer Period, ASBA Bidders/Applicants may approach any of the Designated
                  Intermediary to register and submit their Bids. Anchor Investors who are interested in
                  subscribing for the Equity Shares should approach one of the Book Running Lead Managers on
                  the Anchor Investor Bidding Date to register and submit their Bid.

         (b)      In case of Bidders/Applicants (excluding NIIs and QIBs) bidding at Cut-off Price, the
                  Bidders/Applicants may instruct the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, to block Bid
                  Amount based on the Cap Price less discount (if applicable).

         (c)      For details of the timing on acceptance and upload of Bids in the Stock Exchanges Platform
                  Bidders/Applicants are requested to refer to the RHP.

5.2      ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION OF BIDS

         (a)      The Designated Intermediary may register the Bids using the on-line facility of the Stock
                  Exchanges. The Designated Intermediaries can also set up facilities for off-line electronic
                  registration of Bids, subject to the condition that they may subsequently upload the off-line data
                  file into the on-line facilities for Book Building on a regular basis before the closure of the issue.

         (b)      On the Bid/Offer Closing Date, the Designated Intermediaries may upload the Bids till such
                  time as may be permitted by the Stock Exchanges.

         (c)      Only Bids that are uploaded on the Stock Exchanges Platform would be considered for
                  allocation/ Allotment. In UPI Phase II, the Designated Intermediaries are given time till the
                  Bid/Offer Closing Date to modify select fields uploaded in the Stock Exchange Platform during
                  the Bid/Offer Period after which the Stock Exchange(s) send the bid information to the Registrar
                  to the Offer for further processing.

5.3      BUILD UP OF THE BOOK

         (a)      Bids received from various Bidders/Applicants through the Designated Intermediaries may be
                  electronically uploaded on the Bidding Platform of the Stock Exchanges’ on a regular basis.
                  The book gets built up at various price levels. This information may be available with the Book
                  Running Lead Managers at the end of the Bid/Offer Period.

         (b)      Based on the aggregate demand and price for Bids registered on the Stock Exchanges Platform,
                  a graphical representation of consolidated demand and price as available on the websites of the
                  Stock Exchanges may be made available at the Bidding centres during the Bid/Offer Period.

5.4      WITHDRAWAL OF BIDS

         (a)      RIIs can withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. In case a RII wishes to withdraw the
                  Bid, the same can be done by submitting a request for the same to the concerned Designated
                  Intermediary, who shall do the requisite, including unblocking of the funds in the ASBA
                  Account.

         (b)      The Registrar to the Offer shall give instruction to the SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable,
                  for unblocking the ASBA Account upon or after the finalization of basis of Allotment. QIBs
                  and NIIs can neither withdraw nor lower the size of their Bids at any stage.




                                                         30
5.5     REJECTION & RESPONSIBILITY FOR UPLOAD OF BIDS

        (a)      The Designated Intermediaries are individually responsible for the acts, mistakes or errors or
                 omission in relation to

                 i.        the Bids accepted by the Designated Intermediary;

                 ii.       the Bids (including UP ID, as applicable) uploaded by the Designated Intermediary;
                           and

                 iii.      the Bid cum application forms accepted but not uploaded by the Designated
                           Intermediaries.

        (b)      The Book Running Lead Managers and their affiliate Syndicate Members, as the case may be,
                 may reject Bids if all the information required is not provided and the Bid cum Application
                 Form is incomplete in any respect.

        (c)      The SCSBs or the Sponsor Banks, as applicable, shall have no right to reject Bids, except in
                 case of unavailability of adequate funds in the ASBA Account or on technical grounds.

        (d)      In case of QIB Bidders, only the (i) SCSBs (for Bids other than the Bids by Anchor Investors);
                 and (ii) Book Running Lead Managers and their affiliate Syndicate Members (only in the
                 specified locations) have the right to reject bids. However, such rejection shall be made at the
                 time of receiving the Bid and only after assigning a reason for such rejection in writing.

        (e)      All bids by QIBs, NIIs & RIIs Bids can be rejected on technical grounds listed herein.

5.5.1   GROUNDS FOR TECHNICAL REJECTIONS

        Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form can be rejected on the below mentioned technical grounds
        either at the time of their submission to any of the Designated Intermediaries, or at the time of finalisation
        of the Basis of Allotment. Bidders/Applicants are advised to note that the Bids/Applications are liable to
        be rejected, among other things, on the following grounds, which have been detailed at various places in
        this GID:-

        (a)      Bid/Application by persons not competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, as
                 amended, (other than minors having valid Depository Account as per Demographic Details
                 provided by Depositories);

        (b)      Bids/Applications of Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) accompanied by cash, draft,
                 cheques, money order or any other mode of payment other than amounts blocked in the Bidders’
                 ASBA Account;

        (c)      Bids/Applications by OCBs;

        (d)      In case of partnership firms, Bid/Application for Equity Shares made in the name of the firm.
                 However, a limited liability partnership can apply in its own name;

        (e)      In case of Bids/Applications under power of attorney or by limited companies, corporate, trust
                 etc., relevant documents are not being submitted along with the Bid cum application
                 form/Application Form;

        (f)      Bids/Applications by persons prohibited from buying, selling or dealing in the shares directly
                 or indirectly by SEBI or any other regulatory authority;

        (g)      Bids/Applications by any person outside India if not in compliance with applicable foreign and
                 Indian laws;

        (h)      DP ID and Client ID not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form;

        (i)      ASBA Account number or UPI ID not mentioned or incorrectly mentioned in the Bid cum
                 Application Form/Application Form;




                                                        31
(j)    In case of Bids by RIIs (applying through the UPI mechanism) through a UPI handle not covered
       in the prescribed list of SEBI.

(k)    In case of Bids by RIIs (applying through the UPI mechanism) using a bank account of an SCSB
       or bank which is not covered in the prescribed list of SEBI.

(l)    PAN not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form except for
       Bids/Applications by or on behalf of the Central or State Government and officials appointed
       by the court and by the investors residing in the State of Sikkim, provided such claims have
       been verified by the Depository Participant;

(m)    In case no corresponding record is available with the Depositories that matches the DP ID, the
       Client ID and the PAN;

(n)    Bids/Applications for lower number of Equity Shares than the minimum specified for that
       category of investors;

(o)    Bids/Applications at a price less than the Floor Price & Bids/Applications at a price more than
       the Cap Price;

(p)    Bids/Applications at Cut-off Price by NIIs and QIBs;

(q)    The amounts mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form does not tally with
       the amount payable for the value of the Equity Shares Bid/Applied for;

(r)    Bids/Applications for amounts greater than the maximum permissible amounts prescribed by
       the regulations;

(s)    Submission of Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form using third party UPI ID or ASBA
       Bank Account;

(t)    Submission of more than one Bid cum Application Form per UPI ID by RIIs bidding through
       Designated Intermediaries other than SCSBs (except for RIIs applying as Retail Individual
       Shareholders also);

(u)    Submission of more than one Bid cum Application Form per ASBA Account by Bidders bidding
       through Designated Intermediaries (except in case of joint account holders);

(v)    In case of joint Bids, submission of Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form using second
       or third party’s UPI ID or ASBA Bank Account;

(w)    Bids/Applications for number of Equity Shares which are not in multiples of Equity Shares as
       specified in the RHP;

(x)    Multiple Bids/Applications as defined in this GID and the RHP/Prospectus;

(y)    Bid cum Application Forms/Application Forms are not delivered by the Bidders/Applicants
       within the time prescribed as per the Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form, Bid/Offer
       Opening Date advertisement and as per the instructions in the RHP and the Bid cum Application
       Forms;

(z)    Bank account mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form (for Bidders applying through the
       non-UPI mechanism) may not be an account maintained by SCSB. Inadequate funds in the
       ASBA Account to block the Bid/Application Amount specified in the Bid cum Application
       Form/ Application Form at the time of blocking such Bid/Application Amount in the ASBA
       Account;

(aa)   In case of Bids by RIIs (applying through the UPI mechanism), the UPI ID mentioned in the
       Bid cum Application Form is linked to a third party bank account;

(bb)   In case of Bids by RIIs (applying through the UPI mechanism), the UPI ID is not mentioned in
       the Bid cum Application Form;



                                            32
      (cc)   In case of Anchor Investors, Bids/Applications where sufficient funds are not available in
             Escrow Accounts as per final certificate from the Anchor Escrow Bank;

      (dd)   Where no confirmation is received from SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, for blocking
             of funds;

      (ee)   Bids/Applications by QIB and NII Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) not submitted
             through ASBA process;

      (ff)   Bid cum Application Form submitted to Designated Intermediaries at locations other than the
             Bidding Centers or to the Anchor Escrow Bank (assuming that such bank is not a SCSB where
             the ASBA Account is maintained), to the issuer or the Registrar to the Offer;

      (gg)   Bid cum Application Form submitted physically by RIIs bidding through the non-UPI
             mechanism to Designated Intermediaries other than SCSBs;

      (hh)   Bids/Applications not uploaded on the terminals of the Stock Exchanges;

      (ii)   Bids/Applications by SCSBs wherein a separate account in its own name held with any other
             SCSB is not mentioned as the ASBA Account in the Bid cum Application Form/Application
             Form.

      (jj)   The UPI Mandate is not approved by Retail Individual Investor; and

      (kk)   The original Bid/Application is made using the UPI mechanism and revision(s) to the
             Bid/Application is made using ASBA either physically or online through the SCSB, and vice-
             versa.

      (ll)   Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in the Bid
             cum Application Form. In case the Bidder doesn’t provide any of the ASBA Bank account
             details or the UPI ID then the application would be rejected. For application submitted to
             Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Bidder providing both the ASBA Bank account
             details as well as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application.

      (m)    RIIs shall ensure that the bank, with which they have their bank account, where the funds
             equivalent to the application amount is available for blocking, has been notified as Issuer
             Banks for UPI. A list of such banks is available on SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in:

             Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » Self
             Certified Syndicate Banks eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI

      (mm)   In case of revision of Bids by RII Bidders, if UPI Mandate Request for the revised Bid is not
             approved, the Application is liable to be rejected.

5.6   BASIS OF ALLOCATION

      (a)    The SEBI ICDR Regulations specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various
             categories of Bidders/Applicants in an Offer depending on compliance with the applicable
             eligibility conditions. Certain details pertaining to the percentage of Offer size available for
             allocation to each category is disclosed overleaf of the Bid cum Application Form and in the
             RHP / Prospectus. For details in relation to allocation, the Bidder/Applicant may refer to the
             RHP / Prospectus.

      (b)    Under-subscription in any category (except QIB category) is allowed to be met with spill-over
             from any other category or combination of categories at the discretion of the Issuer and in
             consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers and the Designated Stock Exchange and
             in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Unsubscribed portion in QIB Category is not
             available for subscription to other categories.

      (c)    In case of under subscription in the Net Offer, spill-over to the extent of such under-subscription
             may be permitted from the Reserved Portion to the Net Offer. For allocation in the event of an
             under-subscription applicable to the Issuer, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP.



                                                   33
(d)   Illustration of the Book Building and Price Discovery Process

      Bidders should note that this example is solely for illustrative purposes and is not specific to the
      Offer; it also excludes Bidding by Anchor Investors.

      Bidders can bid at any price within the price band. For instance, assume a price band of ₹ 20 to
      ₹ 24 per share, issue size of 3,000 equity shares and receipt of five bids from Bidders, details of
      which are shown in the table below. The illustrative book given below shows the demand for
      the equity shares of the issuer at various prices and is collated from bids received from various
      bidders.

          Bid Quantity         Bid Amount (₹)          Cumulative Quantity             Subscription
                    500                         24                        500                    16.67%
                  1,000                         23                     1,500                     50.00%
                  1,500                         22                     3,000                   100.00%
                  2,000                         21                     5,000                   166.67%
                  2,500                         20                     7,500                   250.00%

      The price discovery is a function of demand at various prices. The highest price at which the
      Issuer is able to offer the desired number of equity shares is the price at which the book cuts off,
      i.e., ₹ 22.00 in the above example. The issuer, in consultation with the Book Running Lead
      Managers, may finalise the Offer Price at or below such cut-off price, i.e., at or below ₹ 22.00.
      All bids at or above this Offer Price and cut-off bids are valid bids and are considered for
      allocation in the respective categories.

(e)   Alternate Method of Book Building

      In case of FPOs, Issuers may opt for an alternate method of Book Building in which only the
      Floor Price is specified for the purposes of Bidding (“Alternate Book Building Process”).

      The Issuer may specify the Floor Price in the RHP or advertise the Floor Price at least one
      Working Day prior to the Bid/Offer Opening Date. QIBs may Bid at a price higher than the
      Floor Price and the Allotment to the QIBs is made on a price priority basis. The Bidder with the
      highest Bid Amount is allotted the number of Equity Shares Bid for and then the second highest
      Bidder is Allotted Equity Shares and this process continues until all the Equity Shares have been
      allotted. RIIs, NIIs and Employees are Allotted Equity Shares at the Floor Price and allotment
      to these categories of Bidders is made proportionately. If the number of Equity Shares Bid for
      at a price is more than available quantity then the Allotment may be done on a proportionate
      basis. Further, the Issuer may place a cap either in terms of number of specified securities or
      percentage of issued capital of the Issuer that may be Allotted to a single Bidder, decide whether
      a Bidder be allowed to revise the bid upwards or downwards in terms of price and/or quantity
      and also decide whether a Bidder be allowed single or multiple bids.




                                             34
                      SECTION 6: OFFER PROCEDURE IN FIXED PRICE OFFER

Applicants may note that there is no Bid cum Application Form in a Fixed Price Offer. As the Offer Price is
mentioned in the Fixed Price Offer therefore on filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, the Application so submitted
is considered as the application form.

Applicants may only use the specified Application Form for the purpose of making an Application in terms of the
Prospectus which may be submitted through the Designated Intermediary.

ASBA Applicants may submit an Application Form either in physical form to the Designated Intermediaries or
in the electronic form to the SCSB or the Designated Branches of the SCSBs authorising blocking of funds that
are available in the bank account specified in the Application Form only (“ASBA Account”). The Application
Form is also made available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at least one day prior to the Bid/Offer Opening
Date.

In a fixed price Offer, allocation in the net offer to the public category is made as follows: minimum fifty per cent
to Retail Individual Investors; and remaining to (i) individual bidders other than Retail Individual Investors; and
(ii) other Applicants including corporate bodies or institutions, irrespective of the number of specified securities
applied for. The unsubscribed portion in either of the categories specified above may be allocated to the Applicants
in the other category.

For details of instructions in relation to the Application Form, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the relevant section
of the GID.




                                                         35
               SECTION 7: ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT

The Allotment of Equity Shares to Bidders/Applicants other than Retail Individual Investors and Anchor Investors
may be on proportionate basis. For Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to
RHP/Prospectus. No Retail Individual Investor will be allotted less than the minimum Bid Lot subject to
availability of shares in Retail Individual Investor Category and the remaining available shares, if any will be
Allotted on a proportionate basis. The Issuer is required to receive a minimum subscription of 90% of the Issue
(excluding any Offer for Sale of specified securities). However, in case the Offer is in the nature of Offer for Sale
only, then minimum subscription may not be applicable.

7.1      ALLOTMENT TO RIIs

         Bids received from the RIIs at or above the Offer Price may be grouped together to determine the total
         demand under this category. If the aggregate demand in this category is less than or equal to the Retail
         Category at or above the Offer Price, full Allotment may be made to the RIIs to the extent of the valid
         Bids. If the aggregate demand in this category is greater than the allocation in the Retail Category at or
         above the Offer Price, then the maximum number of RIIs who can be Allotted the minimum Bid Lot will
         be computed by dividing the total number of Equity Shares available for Allotment to RIIs by the
         minimum Bid Lot (“Maximum RII Allottees”). The Allotment to the RIIs will then be made in the
         following manner:

         (a)      In the event the number of RIIs who have submitted valid Bids in the Offer is equal to or less
                  than Maximum RII Allottees; (i) all such RIIs shall be Allotted the minimum Bid Lot; and (ii)
                  the balance available Equity Shares, if any, remaining in the Retail Category shall be Allotted
                  on a proportionate basis to the RIIs who have received Allotment as per (i) above for the balance
                  demand of the Equity Shares Bid by them (i.e. who have Bid for more than the minimum Bid
                  Lot).

         (b)      In the event the number of RIIs who have submitted valid Bids in the Offer is more than
                  Maximum RII Allottees, the RIIs (in that category) who will then be Allotted minimum Bid Lot
                  shall be determined on the basis of draw of lots.

7.2      ALLOTMENT TO NIIs

         Bids received from NIIs at or above the Offer Price may be grouped together to determine the total
         demand under this category. The Allotment to all successful NIIs may be made at or above the Offer
         Price. If the aggregate demand in this category is less than or equal to the Non-Institutional Category at
         or above the Offer Price, full Allotment may be made to NIIs to the extent of their demand. In case the
         aggregate demand in this category is greater than the Non-Institutional Category at or above the Offer
         Price, Allotment may be made on a proportionate basis up to a minimum of the Non-Institutional
         Category.

7.3      ALLOTMENT TO QIBs

         For the Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the SEBI ICDR
         Regulations or RHP / Prospectus. Bids received from QIBs Bidding in the QIB Category (net of Anchor
         Portion) at or above the Offer Price may be grouped together to determine the total demand under this
         category. The QIB Category may be available for Allotment to QIBs who have Bid at a price that is equal
         to or greater than the Offer Price. Allotment may be undertaken in the following manner:

         (a)      In the first instance allocation to Mutual Funds for up to 5% of the QIB Category may be
                  determined as follows: (i) In the event that Bids by Mutual Fund exceeds 5% of the QIB
                  Category, allocation to Mutual Funds may be done on a proportionate basis for up to 5% of the
                  QIB Category; (ii) In the event that the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than 5%
                  of the QIB Category then all Mutual Funds may get full allotment to the extent of valid Bids
                  received above the Offer Price; and (iii) Equity Shares remaining unsubscribed, if any and not
                  allocated to Mutual Funds may be available for allotment to all QIBs as set out at paragraph
                  7.4(b) below.

         (b)      In the second instance, allotment to all QIBs may be determined as follows: (i) In the event of


                                                         36
              oversubscription in the QIB Category, all QIBs who have submitted Bids above the Offer Price
              may be Allotted Equity Shares on a proportionate basis for up to 95% of the QIB Category; (ii)
              Mutual Funds, who have received allocation as per (a) above, for less than the number of Equity
              Shares Bid for by them, are eligible to receive Equity Shares on a proportionate basis along with
              other QIBs; and (iii) Under-subscription below 5% of the QIB Category, if any, from Mutual
              Funds, may be included for allocation to the remaining QIBs on a proportionate basis.

7.4   ALLOTMENT TO ANCHOR INVESTOR (IF APPLICABLE)

      (a)     Allocation of Equity Shares to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Offer Price will be at
              the discretion of the issuer subject to compliance with the following requirements:

              i.       not more than 60% of the QIB Category will be allocated to Anchor Investors;

              ii.      one-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds,
                       subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the price
                       at which allocation is being done to other Anchor Investors; and

              iii.     allocation to Anchor Investors shall be on a discretionary basis and subject to:

                               a maximum number of two Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹ 10 crores;

                               a minimum number of two Anchor Investors and maximum number of 15
                                Anchor Investors for allocation of more than ₹ 10 crores and up to ₹ 250
                                crores subject to minimum allotment of ₹ 5 crores per such Anchor Investor;
                                and

                               in case of allocation above two hundred fifty crore rupees; a minimum
                                number of five Anchor Investors and a maximum number of 15 Anchor
                                Investors for allocation up to ₹ 250 crores and an additional 10 Anchor
                                Investors for every additional ₹ 250 crores or part thereof, subject to minimum
                                allotment of ₹ 5 crores per such Anchor Investor.

      (b)     A physical book is prepared by the Registrar on the basis of the Bid cum Application Forms
              received from Anchor Investors. Based on the physical book and at the discretion of the issuer
              in consultation with the BRLMs, selected Anchor Investors will be sent a CAN and if required,
              a revised CAN.

      (c)     In the event that the Offer Price is higher than the Anchor Investor Offer Price: Anchor
              Investors will be sent a revised CAN within one day of the Pricing Date indicating the number
              of Equity Shares allocated to such Anchor Investor and the pay-in date for payment of the
              balance amount. Anchor Investors are then required to pay any additional amounts, being the
              difference between the Offer Price and the Anchor Investor Offer Price, as indicated in the
              revised CAN within the pay-in date referred to in the revised CAN. Thereafter, the Allotment
              Advice will be issued to such Anchor Investors.

      (d)     In the event the Offer Price is lower than the Anchor Investor Offer Price: Anchor Investors
              who have been Allotted Equity Shares will directly receive Allotment Advice.

7.5   BASIS OF ALLOTMENT FOR QIBs (OTHER THAN ANCHOR INVESTORS), NIIs AND
      RESERVED CATEGORY IN CASE OF OVER-SUBSCRIBED OFFER

      In the event of the Offer being over-subscribed, the Issuer may finalise the Basis of Allotment in
      consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

      The allocation may be made in marketable lots, on a proportionate basis as explained below:

      (a)     Bidders may be categorized according to the number of Equity Shares applied for.




                                                    37
      (b)   The total number of Equity Shares to be Allotted to each category as a whole may be arrived at
            on a proportionate basis, which is the total number of Equity Shares applied for in that category
            (number of Bidders in the category multiplied by the number of Equity Shares applied for)
            multiplied by the inverse of the over-subscription ratio.

      (c)   The number of Equity Shares to be Allotted to the successful Bidders may be arrived at on a
            proportionate basis, which is total number of Equity Shares applied for by each Bidder in that
            category multiplied by the inverse of the over-subscription ratio.

      (d)   In all Bids where the proportionate Allotment is less than the minimum Bid Lot decided per
            Bidder, the Allotment may be made as follows: the successful Bidders out of the total Bidders
            for a category may be determined by a draw of lots in a manner such that the total number of
            Equity Shares Allotted in that category is equal to the number of Equity Shares calculated in
            accordance with (b) above; and each successful Bidder may be Allotted a minimum of such
            Equity Shares equal to the minimum Bid Lot finalised by the Issuer.

      (e)   If the proportionate Allotment to a Bidder is a number that is more than the minimum Bid Lot
            but is not a multiple of one (which is the marketable lot), the decimal may be rounded off to the
            higher whole number if that decimal is 0.5 or higher. If that number is lower than 0.5 it may be
            rounded off to the lower whole number. Allotment to all Bidders in such categories may be
            arrived at after such rounding off.

      (f)   If the Equity Shares allocated on a proportionate basis to any category are more than the Equity
            Shares Allotted to the Bidders in that category, the remaining Equity Shares available for
            allotment may be first adjusted against any other category, where the Allotted Equity Shares are
            not sufficient for proportionate Allotment to the successful Bidders in that category. The balance
            Equity Shares, if any, remaining after such adjustment may be added to the category comprising
            Bidders applying for minimum number of Equity Shares.

7.6   DESIGNATED DATE AND ALLOTMENT OF EQUITY SHARES

      (a)   Designated Date: On the Designated Date, the Anchor Escrow Bank shall transfer the funds
            represented by allocation of Equity Shares to Anchor Investors from the Escrow Accounts, as
            per the terms of the Cash Escrow Agreement, into the Public Offer Account with the Bankers
            to the Offer. The balance amount after transfer to the Public Offer Account shall be transferred
            to the Refund Account. Payments of refund to the Bidders applying in the Anchor Investor
            Portion shall be made from the Refund Account as per the terms of the Cash Escrow
            Agreement and the RHP. On the Designated Date, the Registrar to the Offer shall instruct the
            SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, to transfer funds represented by allocation of
            Equity Shares from ASBA Accounts into the Public Offer Account.

      (b)   Issuance of Allotment Advice: Upon approval of the Basis of Allotment by the Designated
            Stock Exchange, the Registrar shall upload the same on its website. On the basis of the approved
            Basis of Allotment, the Issuer shall pass necessary resolutions and undertake corporate actions
            to facilitate the Allotment and credit of Equity Shares to successful Bidders/Applicants.
            Bidders/Applicants are advised to instruct their Depository Participant to accept the Equity
            Shares that may be allotted to them pursuant to the Offer.

            Pursuant to confirmation of such corporate actions, the Registrar will dispatch Allotment
            Advice to the Bidders/Applicants who have been Allotted Equity Shares in the Offer.

      (c)   The dispatch of Allotment Advice shall be deemed a valid, binding and irrevocable contract.

      (d)   Issuer will ensure that: (i) the Allotment of Equity Shares; and (ii) credit of shares to the
            successful Bidders/Applicants Depository Account will be completed within five Working Days
            of the Bid/Offer Closing Date.




                                                  38
                                 SECTION 8: INTEREST AND REFUNDS

8.1     COMPLETION OF FORMALITIES FOR LISTING & COMMENCEMENT OF TRADING

        The Issuer may ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for listing and
        commencement of trading at all the Stock Exchanges are taken within six Working Days of the Bid/Offer
        Closing Date.

8.2     GROUNDS FOR REFUND

8.2.1   NON RECEIPT OF LISTING PERMISSION

        An Issuer makes an application to the Stock Exchange(s) for permission to deal in/list and for an official
        quotation of the Equity Shares. All the Stock Exchanges from where such permission is sought are
        disclosed in RHP/Prospectus. The Designated Stock Exchange will be disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus
        with which the Basis of Allotment may be finalised.

        If the Issuer fails to make application to the Stock Exchange(s) and obtain permission for listing of the
        Equity Shares, in accordance with the provisions of Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Issuer
        may be punishable with a fine which shall not be less than ₹ 5 lakhs but which may extend to ₹ 50 lakhs
        and every officer of the Issuer who is in default shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which
        may extend to one year or with fine which shall not be less than ₹ 50,000 but which may extend to ₹ 3
        lakhs, or with both.

        If the permissions to deal in and for an official quotation of the Equity Shares are not granted by any of
        the Stock Exchange(s), the Issuer may forthwith take steps to refund, without interest, all moneys
        received from the Bidders/Applicants in pursuance of the RHP/Prospectus.

        If such money is not refunded to Bidders within the prescribed time after the Issuer becomes liable to
        repay it, then the Issuer and every director of the Issuer who is an officer in default may, on and from
        such expiry of such period, be liable to repay the money, with interest at such rate, as disclosed in the
        RHP/Prospectus.

8.2.2   NON RECEIPT OF MINIMUM SUBSCRIPTION

        If the Issuer does not receive a minimum subscription of 90% of the Net Offer (excluding any offer for
        sale of specified securities), including devolvement to the Underwriters, as applicable, the Issuer may
        forthwith, take steps to unblock the entire subscription amount received within six Working Days of
        the Bid/ Offer Closing Date and repay, without interest, all moneys received from Anchor Investors.
        This is further subject to the compliance with Rule 19(2) (b) of the SCRR. In case the Offer is in the
        nature of Offer for Sale only, then minimum subscription may not be applicable. In case of under-
        subscription in the Offer, the Equity Shares in the Offer will be issued prior to the sale of Equity Shares
        in the Offer for Sale.

        If there is a delay beyond the prescribed time after the Issuer becomes liable to pay or unblock the
        amount received from Bidders, then the Issuer and every director of the Issuer who is an officer in
        default may on and from expiry of prescribed time period under applicable laws, be jointly and severally
        liable to repay the money, with interest at the rate of 15% per annum in accordance with the Companies
        (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, as amended.

8.2.3   MINIMUM NUMBER OF ALLOTTEES

        The Issuer may ensure that the number of prospective Allottees to whom Equity Shares may be allotted
        may not be less than 1,000 failing which the entire application monies may be refunded forthwith.

8.2.4   IN CASE OF OFFERS MADE UNDER COMPULSORY BOOK BUILDING

        In case an Issuer not eligible under Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations comes for an Offer
        under Regulation 6(2) of SEBI ICDR Regulations but fails to Allot at least 75% of the Offer to QIBs, in
        such case full subscription money is to be refunded.




                                                        39
8.3     MODE OF REFUND

        1.      In case of ASBA Bids: Within six Working Days of the Bid/Offer Closing Date, the Registrar
                to the Offer may give instructions to SCSBs or in case of Bids by RIIs applying through the UPI
                mechanism to the Sponsor Bank to revoke the mandate and for unblocking the amount for
                unsuccessful Bids or for any excess amount blocked on Bidding.

        2.      In case of Anchor Investors: Within six Working Days of the Bid/Offer Closing Date, the
                Registrar to the Offer may dispatch the refund orders for all amounts payable to unsuccessful
                Anchor Investors.

        3.      In case of Anchor Investors, the Registrar to the Offer may obtain from the depositories the
                Bidders’ bank account details, including the MICR code, on the basis of the DP ID, Client ID
                and PAN provided by the Anchor Investors in their Bid cum Application Forms for refunds.
                Accordingly, Anchor Investors are advised to immediately update their details as appearing on
                the records of their depositories. Failure to do so may result in delays in dispatch of refund
                orders or refunds through electronic transfer of funds, as applicable, and any such delay may be
                at the Anchor Investors’ sole risk and neither the Issuer, the Registrar to the Offer, the Escrow
                Collection Banks, or the Syndicate, may be liable to compensate the Anchor Investors for any
                losses caused to them due to any such delay, or liable to pay any interest for such delay. Please
                note that refunds shall be credited only to the bank account from which the Bid Amount was
                remitted to the Escrow Bank.

        4.      In the case of Bids from Eligible NRI Bidders and FPIs, refunds, if any, may generally be
                payable in Indian Rupees only and net of bank charges and/or commission. If so desired, such
                payments in Indian Rupees may be converted into U.S. Dollars or any other freely convertible
                currency as may be permitted by the RBI at the rate of exchange prevailing at the time of
                remittance and may be dispatched by registered post. The Company may not be responsible for
                loss, if any, incurred by the Bidder/Applicant on account of conversion of foreign currency.

8.3.1   Electronic mode of making refunds for Anchor Investors

        The payment of refund, if any, may be done through various electronic modes as mentioned below:

        i.      NACH—National Automated Clearing House is a consolidated system of ECS. Payment of
                refund would be done through NACH for Anchor Investors having an account at any of the
                centres specified by the RBI where such facility has been made available. This would be subject
                to availability of complete bank account details including Magnetic Ink Character Recognition
                (MICR) code wherever applicable from the depository. The payment of refund through NACH
                is mandatory for Anchor Investors having a bank account at any of the centres where NACH
                facility has been made available by the RBI (subject to availability of all information for
                crediting the refund through NACH including the MICR code as appearing on a cheque leaf,
                from the depositories), except where the applicant is otherwise disclosed as eligible to get
                refunds through NEFT or Direct Credit or RTGS.

        ii.     NEFT—Payment of refund may be undertaken through NEFT wherever the branch of the
                Anchor Investors’ bank is NEFT enabled and has been assigned the Indian Financial System
                Code (“IFSC”), which can be linked to the MICR of that particular branch. The IFSC may be
                obtained from the website of RBI as at a date prior to the date of payment of refund, duly mapped
                with MICR numbers. Wherever the Anchor Investors have registered their nine- digit MICR
                number and their bank account number while opening and operating the demat account, the
                same may be duly mapped with the IFSC of that particular bank branch and the payment of
                refund may be made to the Anchor Investors through this method. In the event NEFT is not
                operationally feasible, the payment of refunds may be made through any one of the other
                modes as discussed in this section.

        iii.    Direct Credit—Anchor Investors having their bank account with the Refund Banker may be
                eligible to receive refunds, if any, through direct credit to such bank account.

        iv.     RTGS—Anchor Investors having a bank account with a bank branch which is RTGS enabled
                as per the information available on the website of RBI and whose refund amount exceeds ₹ 0.2



                                                      40
               million, shall be eligible to receive refund through RTGS, provided the Demographic Details
               downloaded from the Depositories contain the nine digit MICR code of the Anchor Investor’s
               bank which can be mapped with the RBI data to obtain the corresponding IFSC. Charges, if
               any, levied by the Anchor Escrow Bank for the same would be borne by our Company. Charges,
               if any, levied by the Anchor Investor’s bank receiving the credit would be borne by the Anchor
               Investor.

      Please note that refunds through the abovementioned modes shall be credited only to the bank account
      from which the Bid Amount was remitted to the Escrow Bank.

      For details of levy of charges, if any, for any of the above methods, Bank charges, if any, for cashing
      such cheques, pay orders or demand drafts at other centers etc. Bidders/Applicants may refer to
      RHP/Prospectus.

8.4   INTEREST IN CASE OF DELAY IN ALLOTMENT OR REFUND

      The Issuer may pay interest at the rate of 15% per annum if refund orders, as applicable, are not
      dispatched or if, in a case where the refund or portion thereof is made in electronic manner, the refund
      instructions have not been given to the clearing system in the disclosed manner and/or demat credits are
      not made to Bidders/Applicants or instructions for unblocking of funds in the ASBA Account are not
      dispatched within the six Working Days of the Bid/Offer Closing Date.

      The Issuer may pay interest at 15% per annum for any delay beyond 15 days from the Bid/ Offer Closing
      Date, if Allotment is not made.




                                                    41
                              SECTION 9: GLOSSARY AND ABBREVIATIONS

Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, certain definitions and abbreviations used in this document may
have the meaning as provided below. References to any legislation, act or regulation may be to such legislation,
act or regulation as amended from time to time. In case of inconsistency in the description of a term mentioned
herein below and the description ascribed to such term in the Red Herring Prospectus, the description as ascribed
to such term in the Red Herring Prospectus/ Prospectus shall prevail.

 Term                             Description
 Allotment/Allot/Allotted         The allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer to successful Bidders/Applicants
 Allotment Advice                 Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the Bidders/Applicants who have been
                                  Allotted Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the designated
                                  Stock Exchanges
 Allottee                         A Bidder/Applicant to whom the Equity Shares are Allotted
 Anchor Investor Allocation       The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to Anchor Investors at the end of the
 Price                            Anchor Investor Bid/Offer Period in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the
                                  Prospectus, which will be decided by the Company, in consultation with the BRLMs
 Anchor Escrow Account            Account opened with the Anchor Collection Bank and in whose favour the Anchor
                                  Investors may transfer money through NEFT/RTGS/direct credit in respect of the Bid
                                  Amount when submitting a Bid

 Anchor Escrow Bank               Refer to definition of Banker(s) to the Offer
 Anchor Investor                  A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in
                                  accordance with the requirements specified in SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Red
                                  Herring Prospectus
 Anchor Investor Portion          Up to 60% of the QIB Category which may be allocated by the Issuer in consultation with
                                  the BRLMs, to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis. One-third of the Anchor
                                  Investor Portion is reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being
                                  received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the price at which allocation is being
                                  done to Anchor Investors
 Application Form                 The form in terms of which the Applicant should make an application for Allotment in
                                  case of issues other than Book Built Offers, includes Fixed Price Offer
 Application Supported by         An application, whether physical or electronic, used by Bidders/Applicants, other than
 Blocked Amount /ASBA             Anchor Investors, to make a Bid and authorising an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in
                                  the specified bank account maintained with such SCSB and will include amounts blocked
                                  by RIIs using the UPI mechanism
 ASBA Account                     Account maintained with an SCSB which may be blocked by such SCSB or the account
                                  of the RII Bidder blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by RIIs using the
                                  UPI Mechanism to the extent of the Bid Amount of the Bidder/Applicant
 Banker(s) to the Offer/ Anchor   The banks which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as Banker to the Offer
 Escrow     Bank(s)/Collecting    with whom the Anchor Escrow Accounts for Anchor Investors may be opened, and as
 Banker                           disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus and Bid cum Application Form of the Issuer
 Basis of Allotment               The basis on which the Equity Shares may be Allotted to successful Bidders/Applicants
                                  under the Offer
 Bid                              An indication to make an offer during the Bid/Offer Period by a prospective Bidder
                                  pursuant to submission of Bid cum Application Form or during the Anchor Investor Bid/
                                  Offer Date by the Anchor Investors, to subscribe for or purchase the Equity Shares of the
                                  Issuer at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and modifications thereto.
                                  In case of issues undertaken through the fixed price process, all references to a Bid should
                                  be construed to mean an Application
 Bid Amount                       The highest value of the optional Bids indicated in the Bid cum Application Form and
                                  payable by the Bidder/Applicant upon submission of the Bid (except for Anchor
                                  Investors), less discounts (if applicable). In case of issues undertaken through the fixed
                                  price process, all references to the Bid Amount should be construed to mean the
                                  Application Amount
 Bid/Offer Closing Date           Except in the case of Anchor Investors (if applicable), the date after which the Designated
                                  Intermediaries may not accept any Bids for the Offer, which may be notified in an English
                                  national daily, a Hindi national daily and a regional language newspaper at the place
                                  where the registered office of the Issuer is situated, each with wide circulation.
                                  Applicants/Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus for the Bid/Offer Closing Date
 Bid/Offer Opening Date           The date on which the Designated Intermediaries may start accepting Bids for the Offer,
                                  which may be the date notified in an English national daily, a Hindi national daily and a



                                                             42
Term                             Description
                                 regional language newspaper at the place where the registered office of the Issuer is
                                 situated, each with wide circulation. Applicants/Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus
                                 for the Bid/Offer Opening Date
Bid/Offer Period                 Except in the case of Anchor Investors (if applicable), the period between the Bid/ Offer
                                 Opening Date and the Bid/Offer Closing Date inclusive of both days and during which
                                 prospective Bidders/Applicants (other than Anchor Investors) can submit their Bids,
                                 inclusive of any revisions thereof. The Issuer may consider closing the Bid/ Offer Period
                                 for QIBs one working day prior to the Bid/Offer Closing Date in accordance with the
                                 SEBI ICDR Regulations. Applicants/Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus for the
                                 Bid/Offer Period
Bid cum Application Form         An application form, whether physical or electronic, used by Bidders, other than Anchor
                                 Investors, to make a Bid and which will be considered as the application for Allotment in
                                 terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus
Bidder/Applicant                 Any prospective investor who makes a Bid/Application pursuant to the terms of the
                                 RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form. In case of issues undertaken through
                                 the fixed price process, all references to a Bidder/Applicant should be construed to mean
                                 an Bidder/Applicant
Book Built Process/Book          The book building process as provided under SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of which
Building       Process/Book      the Offer is being made
Building Method
BRLM(s)/Book       Running       The Book Running Lead Manager to the Offer as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus and
Lead        Manager(s)/Lead      the Bid cum Application Form of the Issuer. In case of issues undertaken through the
Manager/LM                       fixed price process, all references to the Book Running Lead Manager should be
                                 construed to mean the Lead Manager or LM
Broker Centres                   Broker centres notified by the Stock Exchanges, where Bidders/Applicants can submit
                                 the Bid cum Application Forms to a Registered Broker. The details of such broker centres,
                                 along with the names and contact details of the Registered Brokers are available on the
                                 websites of the Stock Exchanges
Business Day                     Monday to Saturday (except 2nd and 4th Saturday of a month and public holidays)
CAN/Confirmation of              The note or advice or intimation sent to each successful Bidder/Applicant indicating the
Allotment Note                   Equity Shares which may be Allotted, after approval of Basis of Allotment by the
                                 Designated Stock Exchange
Cap Price                        The higher end of the Price Band, above which the Offer Price and the Anchor Investor
                                 Offer Price may not be finalised and above which no Bids may be accepted
Cash Escrow Agreement            Agreement to be entered into among the Issuer, the Registrar to the Offer, the Book
                                 Running Lead Manager(s), the Anchor Escrow Bank and the Refund Bank(s) for
                                 collection of the Bid Amounts from Anchor Investors and where applicable, remitting
                                 refunds of the amounts collected to the Anchor Investors on the terms and conditions
                                 thereof
Client ID                        Client Identification Number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to demat
                                 account
Collecting Depository            A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996, registered with
Participant or CDPs              SEBI and who is eligible to procure Bids at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of
                                 circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI
Collecting Registrar and Share   Registrar and share transfer agents registered with SEBI and eligible to procure Bids at
Transfer Agents or CRTAs         the Designated RTA Locations in terms of the Circular on Streamlining of Public Issues
Cut-off Price                    Offer Price, finalised by the Issuer in consultation with the Book Running Lead
                                 Manager(s), which can be any price within the Price Band (inclusive of the floor price
                                 and cap price). Only RIIs, Retail Individual Shareholders and employees are entitled to
                                 Bid at the Cut-off Price. No other category of Bidders/Applicants are entitled to Bid at
                                 the Cut-off Price
DP                               Depository Participant
DP ID                            Depository Participant’s Identification Number
Depositories                     National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited
Demographic Details              Details of the Bidders/Applicants including the Bidder/Applicant’s address, name of the
                                 Applicant’s father/husband, investor status, occupation and bank account details
Designated Branches              Such branches of the SCSBs which may collect the Bid cum Application Forms used by
                                 Bidders/Applicants (excluding Anchor Investors) and a list of which is available on
                                 http://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes
Designated CDP Locations         Such locations of the CDPs where Bidders can submit the Bid cum Application Forms to
                                 Collecting Depository Participants.



                                                           43
Term                            Description

                                The details of such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of
                                the Collecting Depository Participants eligible to accept Bid cum Application Forms are
                                available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and
                                www.nseindia.com)
Designated Date                 The date on which funds are transferred by the Anchor Escrow Bank from the Anchor
                                Escrow Account and the amounts blocked by the SCSBs are transferred from the ASBA
                                Accounts, as the case may be, to the Public Offer Account or the Refund Account, as
                                appropriate, after the Prospectus is filed with the RoC, following which the board of
                                directors may Allot Equity Shares to successful Bidders/Applicants in the Fresh Issue
                                may give delivery instructions for the transfer of the Equity Shares constituting the Offer
                                for Sale
Designated Intermediaries       Syndicate Members, sub-syndicate/Agents, SCSBs, Registered Brokers, Brokers, the
/Collecting Agent               CDPs and CRTAs, who are authorized to collect Bid cum Application Forms from the
                                Bidders, in relation to the Offer
Designated RTA Locations        Such locations of the CRTAs where Bidders can submit the Bid cum Application Forms
                                to CRTAs.

                                The details of such Designated RTA Locations, along with names and contact details of
                                the CRTAs eligible to accept Bid cum Application Forms are available on the respective
                                websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com)

Designated Stock                The designated stock exchange as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus of the Issuer
Exchange
Discount                        Discount to the Offer Price that may be provided to Bidders/Applicants in accordance
                                with the SEBI ICDR Regulations
Draft Prospectus                The draft prospectus filed with SEBI in case of Fixed Price Offers and which may mention
                                a price or a Price Band
Employees/Eligible              Employees of an Issuer as defined under SEBI ICDR Regulations and including, in case
Employees                       of a new company, persons in the permanent and full time employment of the promoting
                                companies excluding the promoters and immediate relatives of the promoters. For further
                                details, Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/Prospectus
Employees Reserved Portion      Equity Shares reserved for the Eligible Employees
Equity Shares                   Equity Shares of the Issuer
FCNR Account                    Foreign Currency Non-Resident Account
First Bidder/Applicant          The Bidder/Applicant whose name appears first in the Bid cum Application Form or
                                Revision Form
Fixed Price Issue/Fixed Price   The Fixed Price process as provided under SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of which
Process/Fixed Price Method      the Offer is being made
Floor Price                     The lower end of the Price Band, at or above which the Offer Price and the Anchor
                                Investor Offer Price may be finalised and below which no Bids may be accepted, subject
                                to any revision thereto
FPIs                            Foreign Portfolio Investors as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of India
                                (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, as amended from time to time
FPO                             Further public offering
Foreign Venture Capital         Foreign Venture Capital Investors as defined and registered with SEBI under the SEBI
Investors or FVCIs              (Foreign Venture Capital Investors) Regulations, 2000
IPO                             Initial public offering
Issuer/Company                  The Issuer proposing the initial public offering/further public offering as applicable
Maximum RII Allottees           The maximum number of RIIs who can be Allotted the minimum Bid Lot. This is
                                computed by dividing the total number of Equity Shares available for Allotment to RIIs
                                by the minimum Bid Lot.
MICR                            Magnetic Ink Character Recognition - nine-digit code as appearing on a cheque leaf
Mutual Fund                     A mutual fund registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996
Mutual Funds Portion            5% of the QIB Category (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion) available for allocation
                                to Mutual Funds only, being such number of equity shares as disclosed in the
                                RHP/Prospectus and Bid cum Application Form
NACH                            National Automated Clearing House which is a consolidated system of ECS. Payment of
                                refund would be done through NACH for Applicants having an account at one of the
                                centres specified by the RBI, where such facility has been made available. This would be
                                subject to availability of complete bank account details including Magnetic Ink Character



                                                          44
Term                             Description
                                 Recognition (MICR) code wherever applicable from the depository. The payment of
                                 refund through NACH is mandatory for Applicants having a bank account at any of the
                                 centres where NACH facility has been made available by the RBI (subject to availability
                                 of all information for crediting the refund through NACH including the MICR code as
                                 appearing on a cheque leaf, from the depositories), except where applicant is otherwise
                                 disclosed as eligible to get refunds through NEFT or Direct Credit or RTGS
NEFT                             National Electronic Fund Transfer
NRE Account                      Non-Resident External Account
NRI                              NRIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer or
                                 invitation under the Offer and in relation to whom the RHP/Prospectus constitutes an
                                 invitation to subscribe to or purchase the Equity Shares
NRO Account                      Non-Resident Ordinary Account
Net Offer                        The Offer less reservation portion
Non-Institutional Investors or   All Bidders/Applicants, including FPIs which are individuals, corporate bodies and
NIIs                             family offices, that are not QIBs or RIBs and who have Bid for Equity Shares for an
                                 amount of more than ₹200,000 (but not including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs)
Non-Institutional Category       The portion of the Offer being such number of Equity Shares available for allocation to
                                 NIIs on a proportionate basis and as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum
                                 Application Form
Non-Resident                     A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes Eligible NRIs, FPIs
                                 and FVCIs registered with SEBI
OCB/Overseas Corporate           A company, partnership, society or other corporate body owned directly or indirectly to
Body                             the extent of at least 60% by NRIs including overseas trusts, in which not less than 60%
                                 of beneficial interest is irrevocably held by NRIs directly or indirectly and which was in
                                 existence on October 3, 2003 and immediately before such date had taken benefits under
                                 the general permission granted to OCBs under FEMA
Offer                            Public issue of Equity Shares of the Issuer including the Offer for Sale, if applicable
Offer for Sale                   Public offer of such number of Equity Shares as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus through
                                 an offer for sale by the Selling Shareholders
Offer Price                      The final price, less discount (if applicable) at which the Equity Shares may be Allotted
                                 to Bidders other than Anchor Investors, in terms of the Prospectus. Equity Shares will be
                                 Allotted to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Offer Price The Offer Price may be
                                 decided by the Issuer in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager(s)
Other Investors                  Investors other than Retail Individual Investors in a Fixed Price Offer. These include
                                 individual applicants other than retail individual investors and other investors including
                                 corporate bodies or institutions irrespective of the number of specified securities applied
                                 for
PAN                              Permanent Account Number allotted under the Income Tax Act, 1961
Price Band                       Price Band with a minimum price, being the Floor Price and the maximum price, being
                                 the Cap Price and includes revisions thereof. The Price Band and the minimum Bid lot
                                 size for the Offer may be decided by the Issuer in consultation with the Book Running
                                 Lead Manager(s) and advertised, at least two working days in case of an IPO and one
                                 working day in case of FPO, prior to the Bid/Offer Opening Date, in English national
                                 daily, Hindi national daily and regional language at the place where the registered office
                                 of the Issuer is situated, newspaper each with wide circulation
Pricing Date                     The date on which the Issuer in consultation with the Book Lead Manager(s) finalise the
                                 Offer Price
Prospectus                       The prospectus to be filed with the RoC in accordance with Section 26 of the Companies
                                 Act, 2013 after the Pricing Date, containing the Offer Price, the size of the Offer and
                                 certain other information
Public Offer Account             An account opened with the Banker to the Offer to receive monies from the Anchor
                                 Escrow Account and from the ASBA Accounts on the Designated Date
QIB Category                     The portion of the Offer being such number of Equity Shares to be Allotted to QIBs on a
                                 proportionate basis
Qualified Institutional          As defined under SEBI ICDR Regulations
Buyers or QIBs
RTGS                             Real Time Gross Settlement
Red Herring                      The red herring prospectus issued in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies Act,
Prospectus/RHP                   2013, which does not have complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares
                                 are offered and the size of the Offer. The RHP may be filed with the RoC at least three
                                 days before the Bid/ Offer Opening Date and may become a Prospectus upon filing with



                                                           45
Term                         Description
                             the RoC after the Pricing Date. In case of issues undertaken through the fixed price
                             process, all references to the RHP should be construed to mean the Prospectus
Refund Account(s)            The account opened with Refund Bank(s), from which refunds to Anchor Investors, if
                             any, of the whole or part of the Bid Amount may be made
Refund Bank(s)               Refund bank(s) as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus and Bid cum Application Form of the
                             Issuer
Refunds through electronic   Refunds through Direct Credit, NEFT, RTGS or ASBA, as applicable
transfer of funds
Registered Broker            Stock Brokers registered with the Stock Exchanges having nationwide terminals, other
                             than the members of the Syndicate
Registrar to the Offer/RTO   The Registrar to the Offer as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus and Bid cum
                             Application Form
Reserved                     Categories of persons eligible for making application/Bidding under reservation portion
Category/Categories
Reservation Portion          The portion of the Offer reserved for such category of eligible Bidders/Applicants as
                             provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations
Retail Individual            Investors who applies or bids for a value of not more than ₹ 200,000 (including HUFs
Investors/RIIs               applying through their karta and eligible NRIs and does not include NRIs other than
                             Eligible NRIs.
Retail Individual            Shareholders of a listed Issuer who applies or bids for a value of not more than ₹ 200,000.
Shareholders
Retail Category              The portion of the Offer being such number of Equity Shares available for allocation to
                             RIIs which shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, subject to availability in RII
                             category and the remaining shares to be Allotted on proportionate basis.
Revision Form                The form used by the Bidders in an issue through Book Building Process to modify the
                             quantity of Equity Shares and/or bid price indicated therein in any of their Bid cum
                             Application Forms or any previous Revision Form(s)
RoC                          The Registrar of Companies
SEBI                         The Securities and Exchange Board of India constituted under the Securities and
                             Exchange Board of India Act, 1992
SEBI ICDR Regulations        The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure
                             Requirements) Regulations, 2018 as amended
Self Certified Syndicate     The banks registered with the SEBI which offers the facility of ASBA and the list of which
Bank(s) or SCSB(s)           is available on the website of the http://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?
                             doRecognised=yes
Specified Locations          Bidding centres where the Syndicate shall accept Bid cum Application Forms, a list of
                             which is included in the Bid cum Application Form
Sponsor Bank                 The Banker to the Offer registered with SEBI which is appointed by the Issuer/Offeror to
                             act as a conduit between the Stock Exchanges and the National Payments Corporation of
                             India in order to push the mandate collect requests and / or payment instructions of the
                             RIIs into the UPI
Stock Exchanges/SEs          The stock exchanges as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus of the Issuer where the Equity
                             Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer are proposed to be listed
Syndicate                    The Book Running Lead Manager(s) and the Syndicate Member
Syndicate Agreement          The agreement to be entered into among the Issuer, and the Syndicate in relation to
                             collection of Bid cum Application Forms by Syndicate Members
Syndicate Member(s)/SM(s)    The Syndicate Member(s) as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus
Underwriters                 The Book Running Lead Manager(s) and the Syndicate Member(s)
Underwriting Agreement       The agreement amongst the Issuer, and the Underwriters to be entered into on or after the
                             Pricing Date
UPI ID                       ID created on Unified Payment Interface (UPI) for single-window mobile payment
                             system developed by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI).
UPI Mandate Request          A request (intimating the RII by way of a notification on the UPI application and by way
                             of a SMS directing the RII to such UPI application) to the RII initiated by the Sponsor
                             Bank to authorise blocking of funds on the UPI application equivalent to Bid Amount and
                             subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment
UPI PIN                      Password to authenticate UPI transaction
Working Day                  All days on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business. In respect of
                             announcement of Price Band and Bid / Offer Period, Working Day shall mean all days,
                             excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays, on which commercial banks in




                                                       46
Term   Description
       Mumbai are open for business. In respect of the time period between the Bid/Offer
       Closing Date and the listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, Working Day
       shall mean all trading days of the Stock Exchanges, excluding Sundays and bank holidays,
       as per circulars issued by SEBI.




                                 47
