                                   HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                             (Formerly Known as Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited)
                                           CIN: U24110TG2022PLC163732

Our Company was originally incorporated and registered as a private limited company under the Companies Act, 2013 under the
name of ‘Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited’ on June 16, 2022 bearing Corporate Identification Number
U24110TG2022PTC163732 Issued by the Registrar of Companies, Central Registration Centre. Thereafter, our Company was
converted into a public limited company pursuant to a special resolution passed by our members at the Extra Ordinary General
Meeting held on November 28, 2025 and consequently the name of our Company was changed to ‘ Himalaya Nutravedics India
Limited’. A fresh certificate of incorporation consequent upon conversion from private limited company to public limited
company dated December 12, 2025, was issued by Registrar of Companies, Central Processing Centre bearing Corporate
Identification Number U24110TG2022PLC163732. For details of incorporation and change in the name of our Company, please
refer to the chapter titled “History and Corporate Structure” beginning on page 207 of this Red Herring Prospectus.

 Registered and Corporate Office: Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park, Cherlapally, Hindustan Cables Ltd,
                                       Uppal, Hyderabad – 500051, Telangana, India;
     Telephone: +91 9063498493; Website: www.himalayanutravedics.com; E-mail: info@himalayanutravedics.com;
        Contact Person: Pooja Biyani (Company Secretary and Compliance Officer); CIN: U24110TG2022PLC163732


    PROMOTERS OF OUR COMPANY: ROHIT ASAWA, DIVYA ASAWA, CHANDA ASAWA AND RAMA
    RAJU PENMATSA


                                       DETAILS OF THE ISSUE
    INITIAL PUBLIC ISSUE OF UPTO 24,99,600 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹10/- EACH (“EQUITY
    SHARES”) OF THE COMPANY AT AN ISSUE PRICE OF ₹[●] PER EQUITY SHARE (INCLUDING A
    SHARE PREMIUM OF ₹ [●] PER EQUITY SHARE) FOR CASH, AGGREGATING UP TO ₹ [●] LAKHS
    (“PUBLIC ISSUE”), OUT OF WHICH 1,26,000 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹10/- EACH, AT AN
    ISSUE PRICE OF ₹[●] PER EQUITY SHARE FOR CASH, AGGREGATING ₹[●] LAKHS WILL BE RESERVED
    FOR SUBSCRIPTION BY THE MARKET MAKER TO THE ISSUE (THE “MARKET MAKER RESERVATION
    PORTION”). THE PUBLIC ISSUE LESS MARKET MAKER RESERVATION PORTION I.E. ISSUE OF
    23,73,600 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹ 10 EACH, AT AN ISSUE PRICE OF ₹[●] PER EQUITY
    SHARE FOR CASH, AGGREGATING UP TO [●] LAKHS IS HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS THE “NET
    ISSUE”. THE PUBLIC ISSUE AND NET ISSUE WILL CONSTITUTE 28.38% AND 26.95% RESPECTIVELY
    OF THE POST- ISSUE PAID-UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL OF OUR COMPANY.

    THE PRICE BAND AND THE MINIMUM BID LOT WILL BE DECIDED BY OUR COMPANY IN
    CONSULTATION WITH THE BRLM AND WILL BE ADVERTISED IN ALL EDITIONS OF FINANCIAL
    EXPRESS (A WIDELY CIRCULATED ENGLISH NATIONAL DAILY NEWSPAPER), ALL EDITIONS OF
    JANSATTA (A WIDELY CIRCULATED HINDI NATIONAL DAILY NEWSPAPER AND ALL EDITIONS OF
    THE TELUGU DAILY NEWSPAPER, NAVA TELANGANA (TELUGU BEING THE REGIONAL LANGUAGE
    OF TELANGANA, WHERE OUR REGISTERED AND CORPORATE OFFICE IS LOCATED), AT LEAST
    TWO WORKING DAYS PRIOR TO THE BID/ISSUE OPENING DATE AND SHALL BE MADE AVAILABLE
    TO THE SME PLATFORM OF BSE LIMITED (BSE SME) FOR THE PURPOSES OF UPLOADING ON ITS
    WEBSITE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (ISSUE OF
    CAPITAL AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2018, AS AMENDED (THE “SEBI ICDR
    REGULATIONS”).
                 GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT FOR INVESTING IN PUBLIC OFFERS

This General Information Document (“GID”) highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public issue
in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (“SCRA”), the
Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957 (“SCRR”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”). Bidders/ Applicants should not
construe the contents of this General Information Document as legal advice and should consult their own legal counsel
and other advisors in relation to the legal matters concerning the Issue. For taking an investment decision, the Bidders/
Applicants should rely on their own examination of the Company and the Issue, and should carefully read the Red Herring
Prospectus/ Prospectus before investing in the Issue. The General Information Document has been updated to reflect various
enactments and regulations, to the extent applicable to a public issue, as on the date of the Prospectus.

All Bidders should review the General Information Document for Investing in Public Issues prepared and issued in accordance
with the circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37) dated March 17, 2020 notified by SEBI and updated pursuant to the
circular (CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015) dated November 10, 2015 as amended and modified by the circular
(SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26)          dated   January    21,    2016,     and    SEBI     Circular    bearing    number
(SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/22) dated February 15, 2018 and Circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138) dated
November 01, 2018, notified by SEBI (“General Information Document”) and SEBI Circular No.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019, included below under Section “PART B – General
Information Document”, which highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public issues in general in
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Securities
Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The General Information Document is available on the
websites of Stock Exchanges and the Book Running Lead Manager. Please refer to the relevant portions of the General
Information Document which are applicable to this Issue.

All Designated Intermediaries in relation to the Issue should ensure compliance with the SEBI circular
(CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015) dated November 10, 2015, as amended and modified by the SEBI circular
(SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26) dated January 21, 2016 and SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/22) dated
February 15, 2018 and (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138) dated November 1, 2018, in relation to clarifications on
streamlining the process of public issue of equity shares and convertibles as amended and modified by the SEBI circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019 circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 June 28, 2019,
circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133
dated November 08, 2019.

Additionally, all Bidders may refer to the General Information Document for information, in addition to what is stated herein,
in relation to (i) category of Bidders eligible to participate in the Issue; (ii) maximum and minimum Application size; (iii) price
discovery and allocation; (iv) payment instructions for Bidders applying through ASBA process and Individual Investors
applying through the United Payments Interface channel; (v) issuance of Confirmation of Allocation Note (“CAN”) and
Allotment in the Issue; (vi) general instructions (limited to instructions for completing the Bid Cum Application Form); (vii)
Designated Date; (viii) disposal of Applications; (ix) submission of Bid Cum Application Form; (x) other instructions (limited
to joint Applications in cases of individual, multiple Applications and instances when an Application would be rejected on
technical grounds); (xi) applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 relating to punishment for fictitious Applications; (xii)
mode of making refunds; and (xiii) interest in case of delay in Allotment or refund.

SEBI through its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018 read with its circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28,
2019, has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface (UPI) and consequent reduction in
timelines for listing in a phased manner. From January 1, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for RIBs applying through Designated
Intermediaries was made effective along with the existing process and existing timeline of T+6 days. (“UPI Phase I”). The
UPI Phase I was effective till June 30, 2019. With effect from July 1, 2019, with respect to Application by individual investors
through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), the existing process of physical movement of forms from such
Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and only the UPI Mechanism for such Bids
with existing timeline of T+6 days will continue for a period of three months or launch of five main board public issues,
whichever is later (“UPI Phase II”). SEBI has vide its circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8,
2019 extended the timeline for implementation of Phase II till March 31, 2020. On March 30, 2020 wide circular number
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2 SEBI has further extended UPI Phase II timeline till further notice. Furthermore, SEBI vide
press release bearing number 12/2023 has approved the proposal for reducing the time period for listing of shares in public
issue from existing 6 working days to 3 working days from the date of the closure of the issue. The revised timeline of T+3 days
shall be made applicable in two phases i.e. voluntary for all public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and mandatory
on or after December 1, 2023. Further, SEBI has vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9,
2023 reduced the time taken for listing of specified securities after the closure of a public issue to three Working Days.
Accordingly, the Issue will be made under UPI Phase III on a mandatory basis, subject to any circulars, clarification or
notification issued by the SEBI from time to time.
The processing fees for applications made by Individual Investor using the UPI Mechanism may be released to the remitter
banks (SCSBs) only after such banks provide a written confirmation on compliance with SEBI Circular No: SEBI/
HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 02, 2021 read with SEBI Circular No: SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/
P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021 and as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51
April 20, 2022. Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022, application s made
using the ASBA facility in initial public offerings (opening on or after September 1, 2022) shall be processed only after
application monies are blocked in the bank accounts of investors (all categories).

Merchant Banker shall be the nodal entity for any issues arising out of public issuance process.

In terms of regulation 244(5) and regulation 271 of SEBI ICDR Regulations, timelines and processes mentioned in SEBI
Circular. No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019 shall continue to form part of the
agreements being signed between the intermediaries involved in the public issuance process and lead managers shall
continue to coordinate with intermediaries involved in the said process. For delayed unblock applications, investor must
be compensated at a uniform rate of Rs. 100/- per day for the entire duration of delay since ‘T+2’. Merchant banker will
fix the liability on the intermediary responsible for the delay in unblocking.

Important Note: This Initial Public Offer is being made in terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations (as
amended from time to time), under the Book Building mode and are proposed to be listed on the BSE SME (SME
Platform of BSE). Accordingly, the Investors are advised to refer to the particulars of this GID in context of Book
Building Process being made under Chapter IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations (i.e. SME Segment) only.
                                                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


SECTION 1: PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT (GID) .......................................... 5
SECTION 2: BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO IPOs/ FPOs ............................................................................................. 6
SECTION 3: CATEGORY OF INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN AN ISSUE ............................... 9
SECTION 4: APPLYING IN THE ISSUE..................................................................................................................... 11
SECTION 5: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN BOOK BUILT ISSUE .................................................................................. 31
SECTION 6: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN FIXED PRICE ISSUE .................................................................................. 36
SECTION 7: ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT........................................................ 37
SECTION 8: INTEREST AND REFUNDS ................................................................................................................... 40
SECTION 9: GLOSSARY AND ABBREVIATIONS ................................................................................................... 43
                  SECTION 1: PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT (GID)

This document is applicable to the public Issues undertaken through the Book-Building Process as well as to the Fixed Price
Issue. The purpose of the “General Information Document for Investing in Public Issues” is to provide general guidance to
potential Bidders/ Applicants in IPOs and FPOs, and on the processes and procedures governing IPOs and FPOs, undertaken
in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.

Bidders/ Applicants should note that investment in equity and equity related securities involves risk and Bidder/ Applicant
should not invest any funds in the Issue unless they can afford to take the risk of losing their investment. The specific terms
relating to securities and/or for subscribing to securities in an Issue and the relevant information about the Issuer undertaking
the Issue are set out in the Red Herring Prospectus (“RHP”)/ Prospectus filed by the Issuer with the Registrar of Companies
(“RoC”). Bidders/ Applicants should carefully read the entire RHP/ Prospectus, the Bid cum Application Form/ Application
Form and the Abridged Prospectus of the Issuer in which they are proposing to invest through the Issue. In case of any
difference in interpretation or conflict and/or overlap between the disclosure included in this document and the
RHP/Prospectus, the disclosures in the RHP/ Prospectus shall prevail. The RHP/ Prospectus of the Issuer is available on the
websites of stock exchanges, on the website(s) of the BRLM to the Issue and on the website of Securities and Exchange Board
of India (“SEBI”) at www.sebi.gov.in.

For the definitions of capitalized terms and abbreviations used herein Bidders/ Applicants may refer to the section “Glossary
and Abbreviations”.
                                     SECTION 2: BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO IPOs/ FPOs

2.1.    Initial public offer (IPO)

An IPO means an offer of specified securities by an unlisted Issuer to the public for subscription and may include an Offer
for Sale of specified securities to the public by any existing holder of such securities in an unlisted Issuer.

For undertaking an IPO under Chapter IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, an Issuer is inter-alia required to comply with the
eligibility requirements of in terms of Regulations 228, 229 and 230 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For details of compliance
with the eligibility requirements by the Issuer, Applicants may refer to the Prospectus.

The present Issue is being made under Regulation 229(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

2.2.   Further public offer (FPO)

An FPO means an offer of specified securities by a listed Issuer to the public for subscription and may include Offer for Sale
of specified securities to the public by any existing holder of such securities in a listed Issuer.

2.3.   Other Eligibility Requirements:

An Issuer proposing to undertake an IPO or an FPO is required to comply with various other requirements as specified in the
SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Companies Act, 2013 (to the extent notified and in effect), the
SCRR, industry-specific regulations, if any, and other applicable laws for the time being in force.

For details in relation to the above Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

2.4.   Types of Public Issues – Fixed Price Issues and Book Built Issues

In accordance with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, an Issuer can either determine the Issue Price through the
Book Building Process (“Book Built Issue”) or undertake a Fixed Price Issue (“Fixed Price Issue”).

The cap on the Price Band should be less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price. The Issuer shall announce the Price or
the Floor Price or the Price Band through advertisement in all newspapers in which the pre-Issue advertisement was given at
least 2 (two) Working Days before the Bid/Issue Opening Date, in case of an IPO and at least 1 (one) Working Day before the
Bid/Issue Opening Date, in case of an FPO and determine the Issue Price at a later date before registering the Prospectus
with the Registrar of Companies.

The Floor Price or the Issue price cannot be lesser than the face value of the securities.

Bidders/Applicants should refer to the RHP/Prospectus or Issue advertisements to check whether the Issue is a Book Built
Issue or a Fixed Price Issue.

2.5.   ISSUE PERIOD

The Issue shall be kept open for a minimum of 3 (three) Working Days (for all categories of Bidders/Applicants) and not more
than 10 (ten) Working Days. Bidders/Applicants are advised to refer to the Bid cum Application Form and Abridged
Prospectus or RHP/Prospectus for details of the Bid/Issue Period. Details of Bid/Issue Period are also available on the website
of the Stock Exchange(s).

In case of a Book Built Issue, the Issuer may close the Bid/Issue Period for QIBs 1 (one) Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue
Closing Date if disclosures to that effect are made in the RHP. In case of revision in the Price Band in Book Built Issues the
Bid/Issue Period may be extended by at least 3 (three) Working Days, subject to the total Bid/Issue Period not exceeding 10
(ten) Working Days. For details of any revision of the Price Band, Bidders/ Applicants may check the announcements made
by the Issuer on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the BRLM, and the advertisement in the newspaper(s) issued in this
regard.

In case of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, the Issuer may, for reasons to be recorded in writing,
extend the bidding (Issue) period for a minimum period of 1 (one) working day, subject to the total Bid/Issue Period not
exceeding 10 (ten) Working Days.
2.6.     FLOWCHART OF TIMELINES

A flow chart of process flow in Fixed Price and Book Built Issues is as follows. Bidders/ Applicants may note that this is not
applicable for Fast Track FPOs.:

Flow Chart of Timeline for Phase-III




Sequence of Activities                     Listing within T+3 days (T is Issue Closing Date)
Application Submission by Investors        Electronic Applications (Online ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts) – Up to 5 pm on
                                           T Day.
                                           Electronic Applications (Bank ASBA through Online channels like Internet
                                           Banking, Mobile Banking and Syndicate UPI ASBA etc.) – Up to 4 pm on T Day.
                                           Electronic Applications (Syndicate Non-Retail, Non-Institutional Applications) –
                                           Up to 3 pm on T Day.
                                           Physical Applications (Bank ASBA) – Up to 1 pm on T Day.
                                           Physical Applications (Syndicate Non-Retail, Non-Institutional Applications of
                                           QIBs and NIIs) – Up to 12 pm on T Day and Syndicate members shall transfer
                                           such applications to banks before 1 pm on T Day.
Bid Modification                           From Issue opening date up to 5 pm on T Day.
Validation of Bid details with             From Issue opening date up to 5 pm on T Day.
depositories
Reconciliation     of UPI mandate          On daily basis
transactions
(Based on the guidelines issued by
NPCI from time to time):
Among Stock Exchanges -Sponsor
Banks - NPCI and NPCI - PSPs/TPAPs         BRLM to submit to SEBI, sought as and when.
** - Issuer Banks;
Reporting formats of bid information,
UPI analysis report and compliance
timeline.
UPI Mandate acceptance time                T Day – 5 PM
Issue Closure                              T Day- 4 PM for QIB and NII Categories
                                           T day – 5 pm for Individual Investors and other reserved categories
Third party check on UPI applications      On daily basis and to be completed before 9:30 AM on T+1 day
Third party check on Non- UPI              On daily basis and to be completed before 1 PM on T+1 day
applications
Submission of final certificates:
-For UPI from Sponsor Bank                 UPI ASBA - Before 09:30 pm on T day
-For Bank ASBA, from all SCSBs             All SCSBs for Direct ASBA - Before 07:30 pm on T Day
-For syndicate ASBA UPI ASBA               Syndicate ASBA - Before 07:30 pm on T Day
Finalization of rejection and completion   Before 6 pm on T+1 day
of basis
Approval of basis by Stock Exchange        Before 9 pm on T+1 day
Issuance of fund transfer instructions in
separate files for debit and unblock.
For Bank ASBA and Online ASBA - To          Intimation not later than 9:30 am on T+2 day.
all SCSBs                                   Completion before 2 pm on T+2 day for fund transfer;
For UPI ASBA - To Sponsor Bank              Completion before 4 pm on T+2 day for unlocking
Corporate action execution for credit of    Intimation before 2 pm on T+2 day;
shares                                      Completion before 6 pm on T+2 day
Filing of listing application with stock    Before 7:30 pm on T+2 day
exchange and issuance of trading notice
Publish allotment advertisement      On the website of the Company, BRLM and RTA – before 9 PM on T+2 day.
                                     In newspapers – on T+3 day but not later than T+4 day
Trading starts                       T+3 day
**PSPs/TPAPs = Payment Service Providers/Third Party Application Providers.
          SECTION 3: CATEGORY OF INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN AN ISSUE

Each Bidder/Applicant should check whether it is eligible to apply under applicable law. Furthermore, certain
categories of Bidders/Applicants, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to Bid/Apply in the Issue or to
hold Equity Shares, in excess of certain limits or in specific sectors as specified under applicable law.
Bidders/Applicants are requested to refer to the RHP/Prospectus for more details.

Subject to the above, an illustrative list of Bidders/Applicants is as
follows:

     Indian nationals resident in India who are competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, in single
      or joint names (not more than three);

     Bids/Applications belonging to an account for the benefit of a minor (under guardianship);

     Hindu Undivided Families or HUFs, in the individual name of the Karta. The Bidder/Applicant should specify
      that the Bid is being made in the name of the HUF in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form as
      follows: “Name of sole or first Bidder/Applicant: XYZ Hindu Undivided Family applying through XYZ,
      where XYZ is the name of the Karta”. Bids/Applications by HUFs may be considered at par with
      Bids/Applications from individuals;

     Companies, corporate bodies and societies registered under applicable law in India and authorised to hold and
      invest in equity shares under their respective constitutional and charter documents;

     QIBs;

     Mutual Funds registered with SEBI;

     Eligible NRIs on a repatriation basis or on a non-repatriation basis, subject to applicable laws. NRIs other than
      Eligible NRIs are not eligible to participate in this Issue;

     Indian Financial Institutions, scheduled commercial banks, regional rural banks, co-operative banks (subject
      to RBI regulations and the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other laws, as applicable);

     FPIs other than Category III FPI; VCFs and FVCIs registered with SEBI;

     Sub-accounts of FIIs registered with SEBI, which are foreign corporate or foreign individuals only under the
      Non-Institutional Bidder ‘s category;

     Trusts/societies registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, or under any other law relating to
      trusts/societies and who are authorised under their respective constitutions to hold and invest in equity shares;

     National Investment Fund set up by resolution no. F. No. 2/3/2005-DD-II dated November 23, 2005 of the
      GoI published in the Gazette of India;

     Limited liability partnerships registered under the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008;

     Venture Capital Funds and Alternative Investment Fund (I) registered with SEBI; State Industrial
      Development Corporations;

     Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with the SEBI;

     Scientific and/or Industrial Research Organizations authorized to invest in equity shares;

     Insurance Companies registered with Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority, India;

     Provident Funds with minimum corpus of ₹25 Crores and who are authorized under their constitution to hold
      and invest in equity shares;

     Pension Funds with minimum corpus of ₹25 Crores and who are authorized under their constitution to hold and
      invest in equity shares;
      National Investment Fund set up by Resolution no. F. No. 2/3/2005-DDII dated November 23, 2005 of
       Government of India published in the Gazette of India;

      Multilateral and bilateral development financial Institution;

      Eligible QFIs;

      Insurance funds set up and managed by army, navy or air force of the Union of India;

      Insurance funds set up and managed by the Department of Posts, India;

      Any other person eligible to Bid/Apply in the Issue, under the laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and policies
       applicable to them and under Indian laws; and

      As per the existing regulations, Minors (except under guardianship), Partnership firms or their nominees,
       Foreign Nationals (except NRIs) and OCBs are not allowed to participate in an Issue.

Applications not to be made by:
1. Minors (except through their Guardians)
2. Partnership firms or their nominations
3. Foreign Nationals (except NRIs)
4. Overseas Corporate Bodies

As per the existing regulations, OCBs are not eligible to participate in this Issue. The RBI has however clarified
in its circular, A.P. (DIR Series) Circular No. 44, dated December 8, 2003 that OCBs which are incorporated and
are not under the adverse notice of the RBI are permitted to undertake fresh investments as 138 incorporated
non-resident entities in terms of Regulation 5(1) of RBI Notification No.20/2000-RB dated May 3, 2000 under
FDI Scheme with the prior approval of Government if the investment is through Government Route and with the
prior approval of RBI if the investment is through Automatic Route on case by case basis. OCBs may invest in
this Issue provided it obtains a prior approval from the RBI. On submission of such approval along with the Bid
Cum Application Form, the OCB shall be eligible to be considered for share allocation.
                                   SECTION 4: APPLYING IN THE ISSUE

Book Built Issue: Bidders should only use the specified Bid cum Application Form bearing stamp of a
Designated Intermediary as available or downloaded from the websites of the Stock Exchanges.

Bid cum Application Forms are available with the Designated Intermediaries at the Bidding Centres and at the
registered office of the Issuer. Electronic Bid cum Application Forms will be available on the websites of the Stock
Exchanges at least one day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date. For further details regarding availability of Bid
cum Application Forms, Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus and advertisements in the newspaper(s). For
Anchor Investors, Bid cum Application Forms shall be available at the offices of the BRLM.

Fixed Price Issue: Applicants should only use the specified Bid cum Application Form bearing the stamp of the
Designated Intermediary as available or downloaded from the websites of the Stock Exchanges. Application
Forms will also be available with the Designated Branches of the SCSBs and at the registered office of the Issuer.
For further details regarding availability of Application Forms, Applicants may refer to the Prospectus.

Bidders/Applicants should ensure that they apply in the appropriate category. The prescribed color of the Bid
cum Application Form for various categories of Bidders/Applicants is as follows:

                             Category                                Color of the Bid Cum Application Form*
  Anchor Investors (where applicable)                                                   White
 Resident Indians, including resident QIBs, Non-Institutional
 Investors, UPI Bidders and Eligible NRIs applying on a non-                            White
 repatriation basis
 Eligible NRIs, FPIs and registered bilateral and multilateral
                                                                                        Blue
 development financial institutions applying on a repatriation basis
*Excluding electronic Bid cum Application

1.   Forms. Notes: Electronic Bid Cum Application Forms will also be available for download on the website of the
     BSE (www.bseindia.com)

2.   Bid cum Application Forms for Anchor Investors will be made available at the office of the BRLM.

Securities Issueed in an IPO can only be in dematerialized form in accordance with Section 29 of the Companies
Act, 2013. Bidders/Applicants will not have the option of getting the Allotment of specified securities in physical
form.

4.1. INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILLING THE BID CUM APPLICATION FORM/ APPLICATIONFORM

Bidders/Applicants may note that Bid cum Application Form not filled completely or correctly as per instructions
provided in this GID, the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form are liable to be
rejected.

Instructions to fill each field of the Bid cum Application Form can be found on the reverse side of the Bid cum
Application form.

The samples of the Bid cum Application Form for resident Bidders and the Bid cum Application Form for non-
resident Bidders are reproduced below:
Application Form- For Residents
Application Form- For Non-Residents




Specific instructions for filling various fields of the Resident Bid cum Application Form and Non-Resident Bid cum
Application Form and samples are provided below.

 4.1.1. FIELD NUMBER 1: NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF THE SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT

    (a) Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the name provided in this field is exactly the same as the name in which
        the Depository Account is held.

    (b) Mandatory Fields: Bidders/Applicants should note that the name and address fields are compulsory and
        e-mail and/or telephone number/mobile number fields are optional. Bidders/Applicants should note that the
        contact details mentioned in the Bid-cum Application Form/Application Form may be used to dispatch
        communications (including letters notifying the unblocking of the bank accounts of Bidders (other than
        Anchor Investors) in case the communication sent to the address available with the Depositories are returned
        undelivered or are not available. The contact details provided in the Bid cum Application Form may be used
        by the Issuer, Designated Intermediaries and the Registrar to the Issue only for correspondence(s) related to an
        Issue and for no other purposes.

    (c) Joint Bids/Applications: In the case of Joint Bids/Applications, the Bids /Applications should be made in the
        name of the Bidder/Applicant whose name appears first in the Depository account. The name so entered
        should be the same as it appears in the Depository records. The signature of only such first Bidder/Applicant
        would be required in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form and such first Bidder/Applicant would
        be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint holders. All communications may be addressed to such
        first Bidder/Applicant and may be dispatched to his or her address as per the Demographic Details received
        from the Depositories.

    (d) Impersonation: Attention of the Bidders/Applicants is specifically drawn to the provisions of sub-section
        (1) of Section 38 of the Companies Act, 2013 which is reproduced below:

          “Any person who:

           a.   makes or abets making of an application in a fictitious name to a company for acquiring, or
                subscribing for, its securities; or

           b.   makes or abets making of multiple applications to a company in different names or in different
                combinations of his name or surname for acquiring or subscribing for its securities; or

           c.   otherwise induces directly or indirectly a company to allot, or register any transfer of, securities to
                him, or to any other person in a fictitious name, shall be liable for action under Section 447 of the
                Companies Act 2013.”

          The liability prescribed under Section 447 of the Companies Act, 2013 includes imprisonment for a term
          which shall not be less than 6 (six) months extending up to 10 (ten) years (provided that where the fraud
          involves public interest, such term shall not be less than 3 (three) years) and fine of an amount not less than
          the amount involved in the fraud, extending up to 3 (three) times of such amount.

    (e) Nomination Facility to Bidder/Applicant: Nomination facility is available in accordance with the provisions
        of Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013. For Allotment of the Equity Shares in dematerialized form, there
        will be no separate nomination as the nomination registered with the Depository may prevail. For changing
        nominations, the Bidders/Applicants should inform their respective DP.

 4.1.2.   FIELD NUMBER 2: PAN OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT

    (a) PAN (of the sole/ first Bidder/Applicant) provided in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form
        should be exactly the same as the PAN of the person(s) in whose name the relevant beneficiary account is
        held as per the Depositories’ records. Investors must ensure that their PAN is linked with Aadhaar and are in
        compliance with CBDT notification dated February 13, 2020 and press release dated June 25, 2021.

    (b) PAN is the sole identification number for participants transacting in the securities market irrespective of the
        amount of transaction except for Bids/Applications on behalf of the Central or State Government,
        Bids/Applications by officials appointed by the courts and Bids/Applications by Bidders/Applicants residing
        in Sikkim (“PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants”). Consequently, all Bidders/Applicants, other than the
        PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants, are required to disclose their PAN in the Bid cum Application
        Form/Application Form, irrespective of the Bid/Application Amount. A Bid cum Application
        Form/Application Form without PAN, except in case of PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants, is liable to be
         rejected. Bids/Applications by the Bidders/Applicants whose PAN is not available as per the Demographic
         Details available in their Depository records, are liable to be rejected.

   (c) The exemption for the PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants is subject to (a) the Demographic Details received
       from the respective Depositories confirming the exemption granted to the beneficial owner by a suitable
       description in the PAN field and the beneficiary account remaining in —active status; and (b) in the case of
       residents of Sikkim, the address as per the Demographic Details evidencing the same.

   (d) Bid cum Application Forms/Application Forms which provide the General Index Register Number instead of
       PAN may be rejected.

   (e) Bids/Applications by Bidders whose demat accounts have been “suspended for credit” are liable to be
       registered pursuant to the circular issued by SEBI on July 29, 2010, bearing number CIR/MRD/DP/22/2010.
       Such accounts are classified as “Inactive demat accounts” and Demographic Details are not provided by
       depositories.

4.1.3.   FIELD NUMBER 3: BIDDERS/APPLICANTS DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS

   (a) Bidders/Applicants should ensure that DP ID and the Client ID are correctly filled in the Bid cum
       Application Form/Application Form. The DP ID and Client ID provided in the Bid cum Application
       Form/Application Form should match with the DP ID and Client ID available in the Depository database,
       otherwise, the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form is liable to be rejected.

   (b) Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the            beneficiary    account    provided    in   the   Bid   cum
       Application Form/Application Form is active.

   (c) Bidders/Applicants should note that on the basis of the PAN, DP ID and Client ID as provided in the Bid
       cum Application Form/Application Form, the Bidder/Applicant may be deemed to have authorized the
       Depositories to provide to the Registrar to the Issue, any requested Demographic Details of the
       Bidder/Applicant as available on the records of the depositories. These Demographic Details may be used,
       among other things, for any correspondence(s) related to the Issue.

   (d) Bidders/Applicants are, advised to update any changes to their Demographic Details as available in the
       records of the Depository Participant to ensure accuracy of records. Any delay resulting from failure to update
       the Demographic Details would be at the Bidders/Applicants’ sole risk.

4.1.4.   FIELD NUMBER 4: BID OPTIONS

   (a) Price or Floor Price or Price Band, minimum Bid Lot and Discount (if applicable) may be disclosed in the
       Prospectus/RHP by the Issuer. The Issuer is required to announce the Floor Price or Price Band, minimum
       Bid Lot and Discount (if applicable) by way of an advertisement in at least one English, one Hindi and one
       regional newspaper, with wide circulation at the place where the Issuer‘s registered office is situated, at least
       2 (two) Working Days before Bid/Issue Opening Date in case of an IPO, and at least 1 (one) Working Day
       before Bid/Issue Opening Date in case of a FPO.

   (b) The Bidders may Bid at or above Floor Price or within the Price Band for IPOs /FPOs undertaken through
       the Book Building Process. In the case of Alternate Book Building Process for an FPO, the Bidders may Bid
       at Floor Price or any price above the Floor Price (For further details Bidders may refer to (Section 5.6 (e))

   (c) Cut-Off Price: Individual Investors or Employees or Individual Shareholders in the Shareholder Reservation
       Portion (if any) can Bid at the Cut-off Price indicating their agreement to Bid for and purchase the Equity
       Shares at the Issue Price as determined at the end of the Book Building Process. Bidding at the Cut-off Price
       is prohibited for QIBs and NIIs and such Bids from QIBs and NIIs are liable to be rejected.

   (d) Minimum Application Value and Bid Lot: The Issuer in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers
       may decide the minimum number of Equity Shares for each Bid prescribed under SEBI
       Regulations/Circulars. The minimum Bid Lot is accordingly determined by an Issuer on the basis of such
       minimum application value.

   (e) Allotment: The Allotment of specified securities to each Individual Investors shall not be less than the
       minimum Bid Lot, subject to availability of shares in the Individual Investors Category, and the remaining
       available shares, if any, shall be Allotted on a proportionate basis. For details of the minimum Bid Lot,
       Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus or the advertisement regarding the Price Band published by the
       Issuer.

4.1.4.1. Maximum and Minimum Bid Size

   (a) The Bidder may Bid for the desired number of Equity Shares at a specific price. Bids by Individual Investors
       and Individual Investor Shareholders must be for such number of shares so as to ensure that the Bid
       Amount less Discount (as applicable), payable by the Bidder does exceed ₹ 200,000.

   (b) For NRIs, a Bid Amount of more than ₹ 200,000 as well as two lots may be considered under the
       Individual Investor Category for the purposes of allocation and a Bid Lot exceeding two lots may be
       considered under the Non-Institutional Category for the purposes of allocation.

   (c) Bids by QIBs and NIIs must be for such minimum number of shares such that the Bid Amount exceeds ₹
       200,000 as well as two lots and in multiples of such number of Equity Shares thereafter, as may be disclosed
       in the Bid cum Application Form and the RHP/Prospectus, or as advertised by the Issuer, as the case may be.
       None of the categories of Bidders are entitled to Bid at the “Cut-off Price”.

   (d) Withdrawal and cancellation shall not be permissible for all Investors. Once a bid has been submitted by an
       Investor in the prescribed manner, it shall be considered final and binding. Investor will not have the option to
       revise the bid amount downwards or withdraw their bids after submission.

   (e) In case the Bid Amount reduces to two lots due to a revision of the Price Band, Bids by the Non- Institutional
       Investors who are eligible for allocation in the Individual Investor Category would be considered for allocation
       under the Individual Investor Category.

   (f) For Anchor Investors, if applicable, the Bid Amount shall be least ₹2 crores. One-third of the Anchor Investor
       Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic
       Mutual Funds at or above the price at which allocation is being done to other Anchor Investors. However, with
       effect from December 1, 2025, pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and
       Disclosure Requirements) (Third Amendment) Regulations, 2025, of which, up to 40% of the Anchor Investor
       Portion shall be reserved in the following manner: (i) 33.33% shall be available for allocation to domestic
       Mutual Funds; and (ii) 6.67% shall be available for allocation to life insurance companies and pension funds,
       in each case subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event
       of under-subscription under clause (ii) above, the balance Equity Shares may be allocated to domestic Mutual
       Funds in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Bids by various schemes of a Mutual Fund shall be
       aggregated to determine the Bid Amount. A Bid cannot be submitted for more than 60% of the QIB portion
       under the Anchor Investor Portion. Anchor Investors cannot withdraw their Bids or lower the size of their Bids
       (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the Anchor Investor Bid/Issue
       Period and are required to pay the Bid Amount at the time of submission of the Bid. In case the Anchor Investor
       Allocation Price is lower than the Issue Price, the balance amount shall be payable as per the pay-in-date
       mentioned in the revised CAN. In case the Issue Price is lower than the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, the
       amount in excess of the Issue Price paid by the Anchor Investors shall not be refunded to them.

   (g) A Bid by QIB bidder cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size.

   (h) The maximum Bid by any Bidder including QIB Bidder should not exceed the investment limits prescribed
       for them under the applicable laws. It is clarified that, multiple Bids by a FPI Bidder utilising the multi
       investment manager structure shall be aggregated for determining the permissible maximum Bid.

   (i) A Bid by NII bidder cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size excluding QIB portion.

   (j) The price and quantity options submitted by the Bidder in the Bid cum Application Form may be treated as
       optional bids from the Bidder and may not be cumulated. After determination of the Issue Price, the
       number of Equity Shares Bid for by a Bidder at or above the Issue Price may be considered for Allotment
       and the rest of the Bid(s), irrespective of the Bid Amount may automatically become invalid. This is not
       applicable in case of FPOs undertaken through Alternate Book Building Process (For details of Bidders may
       refer to (Section 5.6 (e)).

4.1.4.2. Multiple Bids

   (a) Bidder should submit only one Bid cum Application Form. Bidder shall have the option to make a maximum
       of Bids at three different price levels in the Bid cum Application Form and such options are not considered as
       multiple Bids.
         Submission of a second Bid cum Application Form to either the same or to another Designated Intermediary
         and duplicate copies of Bid cum Application Forms bearing the same application number shall be treated as
         multiple Bids and are liable to be rejected.

   (b) Bidders are requested to note the following procedures may be followed by the Registrar to the Issue to
       detect multiple Bids:

           i.   All Bids may be checked for common PAN as per the records of the Depository. For Bidders other
                than Mutual Funds and FPIs which utilise the multi investment manager structure of the same beneficial
                owner as provided under Regulation 20 (4)(d)(xiii) of the SEBI (Foreign Portfolio) Regulations, 2019,
                Bids bearing the same PAN may be treated as multiple Bids by a Bidder and may be rejected.

          ii.   For Bids from Mutual Funds and FPIs that utilise the multi investment manager structure, submitted
                under the same PAN, as well as Bids on behalf of the PAN Exempted Bidders/ Applicants, the
                Bid cum Application Forms may be checked for common DP ID and Client ID. Such Bids which
                have the same DP ID and Client ID may be treated as multiple Bids and are liable to be rejected.

   (c) The following Bids may not be treated as multiple Bids:

           i.   Bids by Eligible Employees and Individual Investor Shareholders in their respective Reservation
                Portion as well as Bids made by them in the Net Issue portion in the public category.

          ii.   Separate Bids by Mutual Funds in respect of more than one scheme of the Mutual Fund provided that
                the Bids clearly indicate the scheme for which the Bid has been made.

         iii.   Bids by Mutual Funds submitted with the same PAN but with different beneficiary account numbers,
                Client IDs and DP IDs.

         iv.    Bids by following FPIs, submitted with the same PAN but with different beneficiary account numbers,
                Client IDs and DP IDs:

                        FPIs which utilise the multi investment manager structure

                         Offshore Derivative Instruments (ODI) which have obtained separate FPI registration for
                          ODI and proprietary derivative investments.

                        Sub funds or separate class of investors with segregated portfolio who obtain separate
                         FPI Registration.

                        FPI registrations granted at investment strategy level/sub fund level where a Collective
                         Investment Scheme or fund has multiple investment strategies/sub- funds with identifiable
                         differences and managed by a single investment manager.

                        Multiple branches in different jurisdictions of foreign bank registered as FPIs.

                        Government and Government related investors registered as Category 1 FPIs.

                         Entities registered as Collective Investment Scheme having multiple share classes.

                        The bids belonging to the aforesaid seven structures and having same PAN may be collated
                         and identified as a single bid in the bidding process. The shares allotted in the bid may be
                         proportionately distributed to the applicant FPIs (with same PAN).

          v.    Bids by Anchor Investors under the Anchor Investor Portion and the QIB Category.

4.1.5.    FIELD NUMBER 5: CATEGORY OF BIDDERS

   (a) The categories of Bidders identified as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of Bidding, allocation
       and allotment in the Issue are Individual Investors, NIIs and QIBs.

   (b) Up to 60% of the QIB Category can be allocated by the Issuer, on a discretionary basis subject to the criteria
       of minimum and maximum number of Anchor Investors based on allocation size, to the Anchor Investors, in
         accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, with one-third of the Anchor Investor Portion reserved for domestic
         Mutual Funds subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. For details regarding allocation
         to Anchor Investors, Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus. However, with effect from December 1, 2025,
         pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) (Third
         Amendment) Regulations, 2025, of which, up to 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved in the
         following manner, 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved as follows: (i) 33.33% shall be
         available for allocation to domestic Mutual Funds; and (ii) 6.67% shall be available for allocation to life
         insurance companies and pension funds, in each case subject to valid Bids being received at or above the
         Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription under clause (ii) above, the balance
         Equity Shares may be allocated to domestic Mutual Funds in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

   (c) An Issuer can make reservation for certain categories of Bidders/Applicants as permitted under the SEBI
       ICDR Regulations. For details of any reservations made in the Issue, Bidders/Applicants may refer to
       the RHP/Prospectus.

   (d) The SEBI ICDR Regulations, specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of
       Bidders in an Issue depending upon compliance with the eligibility conditions. Details pertaining to allocation
       are disclosed on reverse side of the Revision Form. For Issue specific details in relation to allocation
       Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

4.1.6.    FIELD NUMBER 6: BIDDER STATUS

   (a) Each Bidder/Applicant should check whether it is eligible to apply under applicable law and ensure that
       any prospective Allotment to it in the Issue is in compliance with the investment restrictions under applicable
       law.

   (b) Certain categories of Bidders/Applicants, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to Bid/Apply in
       the Issue or hold Equity Shares exceeding certain limits specified under applicable law. Bidders/Applicants
       are requested to refer to the RHP/Prospectus for more details.

   (c) Bidders/Applicants should check whether they are eligible to apply on non-repatriation basis or repatriation
       basis and should accordingly provide the investor status. Details regarding investor status are different in the
       Resident Bid cum Application Form and Non-Resident Bid cum Application Form.

   (d) Bidders/Applicants should ensure that their investor status is updated in the Depository records.

4.1.7.    FIELD NUMBER 7: PAYMENT DETAILS

   (a) Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in this field. In case the
       Bidder doesn’t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the application would be
       rejected. For application submitted by Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size upto
       ₹5,00,000) to Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Individual Investors / NII (NII having
       application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) providing both, the ASBA Bank account details as well as the UPI ID, the
       UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application. NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI
       mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to
       making such application through Channel III.

   (b) The full Bid Amount (net of any Discount, as applicable) shall be blocked based on the authorization provided
       in the Bid cum Application Form. If the Discount is applicable in the Issue, the Individual Investors and
       Individual Investor Shareholders and Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion (if any)
       should indicate the full Bid Amount in the Bid cum Application Form and the payment shall be blocked for
       the Bid Amount net of Discount. Only in cases where the RHP/Prospectus indicates that part payment may
       be made, such an option can be exercised by the Bidder. In case of Bidders specifying more than one Bid
       Option in the Bid cum Application Form, the total Bid Amount may be calculated for the highest of three
       options at net price, i.e. Bid price less Discount Issued, if any.

   (c) All QIB and NII Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) can participate in the Issue only through the ASBA
       mechanism

   (d) Individual Investors submitting their applications through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) can
       participate in the Issue only through the UPI mechanism, using their UPI ID linked with their bank account.
       Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) applying in the Issue through the UPI
       mechanism shall ensure that the name of the bank, with which the Individual Investor / NII (NII having
          application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) maintains his account, appears in the list of SCSBs displayed on the SEBI
          website, which are live on UPI. IIs/ NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) shall also ensure that
          the name of the mobile application and the UPI handle being used for making the application in the Issue are
          also appearing in the “list of mobile applications for using UPI in public issues” displayed on the SEBI
          website. NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant
          Bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.

      (e) Bid Amount cannot be paid in cash, cheque, demand draft, through money order or through postal order.

4.1.7.1. Instructions for Anchor Investors:

      (a) Anchor Investors shall submit their Bids only with the BRLM to the Issue.

      (b) Payments should be made either by direct credit, RTGS, NACH or NEFT.

      (c) The Anchor Escrow Bank(s) shall maintain the monies in the Anchor Escrow Account for and on behalf of
          the Anchor Investors until the Designated Date.

4.1.7.2. Payment instructions for Bidders (other than Anchor Investors)

(a)     Individual Investors/ NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding through Designated
        Intermediaries should note that with the introduction of UPI as a payment mechanism, there are three channels
        of making applications in public Issues available to them in UPI Phase II. The three channels for making
        applications in public Issues available to Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries are as
        follows:

                Channel I                        Channel II                              Channel III
      Individual Investors / NIIs (NII Individual Investors / NIIs (NII Individual Investors / NIIs (NII having
      having application size upto ₹ having application size upto ₹ application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) may
      5,00,000) may submit the Bid 5,00,000) may submit the Bid cum submit the Bid cum Application Form
      cum Application Form with Application Form online using the with                any     of    the   Designated
      ASBA as the sole mechanism for facility of linked online trading, demat Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) and
      making       payment       either and bank account (3-in-1 type use his/her UPI ID for the purpose of
      physically (at the branch of the accounts) provided by some of the blocking of funds.
      SCSB) or online.                  brokers.

      For such applications the existing
      process of uploading the bid and
      blocking of funds in the
      Individual Investors/ NIIs (NII
      having application size upto ₹
      5,00,000) account by the SCSB
      would continue.

  Individual Investors / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding in the Issue through UPI shall make
  such applications only through the SCSBs/mobile applications whose name appears on the SEBI website –
  www.sebi.gov.in at the following path:

  Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » Self Certified Syndicate
  Banks eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI

  Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » list of mobile applications
  for using UPI in public issues

  Individual Investors / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) whose bank is not live on UPI may use the
  other alternate channels available to them, i.e., submission of application form with SCSB (Channel I) or using the
  facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (Channel II).

  NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their
  account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.

  For UPI Phase III, Individual Investors / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) will also have the option
  to use the same channels (as described above) for making applications in a public Issue.
Please see below a graphical illustrative process of the investor receiving and approving the UPI Mandate Request.
(b)   QIB and NII Bidders (with an application size of more than Rs 500,000) may submit the Bid cum Application Form either

       i.      to SCSBs in physical or electronic mode through the internet banking facility Issueed by an SCSB
       authorizing blocking of funds that are available in the ASBA account specified in the Bid cum Application Form, or

       ii.    in physical mode to any Designated Intermediary.

(c)   Bidders must specify the Bank Account number or the UPI ID [for Individual Investors / NIIs (NII having application
      size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding using the UPI mechanism], as applicable, in the Bid cum Application Form. The Bid cum
      Application Form submitted by a Bidder and which is accompanied by cash, demand draft, cheque, money order, postal
      order or any mode of payment other than blocked amounts in the ASBA Account, may not be accepted.

(d)   Bidders should note that application made using third party UPI ID or ASBA Account is liable to be rejected.

(e)    NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their
         account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.

(f)      Bidders shall note that for the purpose of blocking funds under ASBA facility clearly demarcated funds shall be available
         in the ASBA Account.

(g)      Bidders [other than Individual Investors/ NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding through the non -
         UPI mechanism] should submit the Bid cum Application Form only at the Bidding Centers, i.e. to the respective member
         of the Syndicate at the Specified Locations, the SCSBs, the Registered Broker at the Broker Centres, the CRTA at the
         Designated RTA Locations or CDP at the Designated CDP Locations. Individual Investors/ NIIs (NII having application
         size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding through the non-UPI mechanism should either submit the physical Bid cum Application
         Form with the SCSBs or Designated Branches of SCSBs under Channe II or submit the Bid cum Application Form
         online using the facility of 3-in1 type accounts under Channel II.

(h)      Bidders [other than Individual Investors/ NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding through the
         non-UPI mechanism] bidding through Designated Intermediaries other than a SCSB, should note that ASBA Forms
         submitted to such Designated Intermediary may not be accepted, if the SCSB where the ASBA Account, as specified in
         the Bid cum Application Form, is maintained has not named at least one branch at that location for such Designated
         Intermediary, to deposit ASBA Forms.

(i)      Bidders bidding directly through the SCSBs should ensure that the Bid cum Application Form is submitted to a
         Designated Branch of a SCSB where the ASBA Account is maintained.

(j)      Upon receipt of the Bid cum Application Form, the Designated Branch of the SCSB may verify if sufficient funds equal
         to the Bid Amount are available in the ASBA Account, as mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form.

(k)      If sufficient funds are available in the ASBA Account, the SCSB may block an amount equivalent to the Bid Amount
         mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form and for application directly submitted to SCSB by investor, may enter each
         Bid option into the electronic bidding system as a separate Bid.

(l)      If sufficient funds are not available in the ASBA Account, the Designated Branch of the SCSB may not upload such
         Bids on the Stock Exchange platform and such bids are liable to be rejected.

(m)      Upon submission of a completed Bid cum Application Form each Bidder [other than Individual Investors/ NIIs (NII
         having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) who has opted for the UPI mechanism and provided a UPI ID with the Bid cum
         Application Form] may be deemed to have agreed to block the entire Bid Amount and authorized the Designated Branch
         of the SCSB to block the Bid Amount specified in the Bid cum Application Form in the ASBA Account maintained with
         the SCSBs. For details regarding blocking of Bid Amount for Individual Investors/ NIIs (NII having application size
         upto ₹ 5,00,000) who have provided a UPI ID with the Application Form please refer to paragraph 4.1.7.4.

 (n)      The Bid Amount may remain blocked in the aforesaid ASBA Account until finalisation of the Basis of Allotment and
          consequent transfer of the Bid Amount against the Allotted Equity Shares to the Public Issue Account, or until
          withdrawal or failure of the Issue, or until withdrawal or rejection of the Bid, as the case may be.

 (o)      SCSBs bidding in the Issue must apply through an Account maintained with any other SCSB; else their Bids are liable
          to be rejected.

      4.1.7.3. Unblocking of ASBA Account

(a)       Once the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Registrar to the Issue may provide the
          following details to the controlling branches of each SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, along with
          instructions to unblock the relevant ASBA Accounts and for successful applications transfer the requisite money to the
          Public Issue Account designated for this purpose, within the specified timelines: (i) the number of Equity Shares
          to be Allotted against each Bid, (ii) the amount to be transferred from the relevant ASBA Account to the Public Issue
          Account, for each Bid, (iii) the date by which funds referred to in (ii) above may be transferred to the Public Issue
          Account, (iv) the amount to be unblocked, if any in case of partial allotments and (v) details of rejected ASBA Bids, if
          any, along with reasons for rejection and details of withdrawn or unsuccessful Bids, if any, to enable the SCSBs or the
          Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, to unblock the respective ASBA Accounts.

(b)       On the basis of instructions from the Registrar to the Issue, the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, may
          transfer the requisite amount against each successful Bidder to the Public Issue Account and may unblock the
          excess amount, if any, in the ASBA Account.

(c)        In the event of withdrawal or rejection of the Bid cum Application Form and for unsuccessful Bids, the Registrar to
          the Issue may give instructions to the SCSB or to the Sponsor Bank to revoke the mandate and, as the case may be, to
          unblock the Bid Amount in the relevant account within 4 (four) Working Days of the Bid/Issue Closing Date.

      4.1.7.4. Additional Payment Instructions for Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries (other
      than SCSBs) using the UPI mechanism

(a)       Before submission of the application form with the Designated Intermediary, an an Individual Investor / NIIs (NII
          having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) shall download the mobile application, associated with the UPI ID linked
          bank account, for UPI and create a UPI ID (xyz@bankname) of not more than 45 characters with its bank and link it
          to his/ her bank account where the funds equivalent to the application amount is available. UPI Bidder shall also
          ensure that the name of the mobile application and the UPI handle being used for making the application in the Issue
          are appearing in the following path on SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in:

          Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » list of mobile applications
          for using UPI in public issues

          It is clarified that if a UPI Bidder makes an application through a UPI handle not covered in the prescribed list (as
          mentioned in the path above), such an application is liable to be rejected

(b)       An Individual Investor / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) shall ensure that the bank, with which it
          has its bank account, where the funds equivalent to the application amount is available for blocking has been notified
          as Issuer Banks for UPI. A list of such banks is available at the following path on SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in:

          Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » Self Certified
          Syndicate Banks eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI

          It is clarified that if an Individual Investor / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) makes an application
          using a bank account of an SCSB or bank which is not covered in the prescribed list (as mentioned in the path above),
          such an application is liable to be rejected.

(c)       Individual Investor / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) shall mention his / her UPI ID along with the
          bid details in the Bid cum Application Form in capital letters and submit the Bid cum Application Form to any of the
          Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs). It is clarified that if an Individual Investor / NIIs (NII having
          application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) submits a third party UPI ID instead of his/her own UPI ID in the Bid cum
          Application Form, the application is liable to be rejected.

(d)       The Designated Intermediary (other than SCSBs) upon receipt of the Bid cum Application Form will upload the bid
          details along with UPI ID in the stock exchange bidding platform.

(e)       Once the bid has been entered into the Stock Exchange bidding platform, the stock exchange will validate the PAN
          and Demat Account details of the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) with the
          Depository. The Depository will validate the aforesaid details on a real time basis and send a response to the stock
          exchange which will be shared by the stock exchange with the respective Designated Intermediary through its
          bidding platform, for corrections, if any.

(f)       Once the bid details have been validated by the Depository, the stock exchange will, on a continuous basis,
          electronically share the bid details along with the UPI ID of the concerned UPI Bidders with the Sponsor Bank
          appointed by the Issuer.

(g)       The Sponsor Bank will validate the UPI ID of the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹
          5,00,000) before initiating the Mandate request.

(h)       The Sponsor Bank after validating the UPI ID will initiate a UPI Mandate Request for valid UPI ID on the Individual
          Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) which will be electronically received by the Individual
          Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) as an SMS / intimation on his / her mobile number /
          mobile app associated with the UPI ID linked account. The Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto
          ₹ 5,00,000) shall ensure that the details of the Bid are correct by opening the attachment in the UPI Mandate Request
          and then proceed to authorise the UPI Mandate Request using his/her UPI PIN. Upon the authorization of the mandate
          using his/her UPI PIN, an Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) may be deemed to
          have verified the attachment containing the application details of the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application
          size upto ₹ 5,00,000) in the UPI Mandate Request and have agreed to block the entire Bid Amount mentioned in the
          Bid Cum Application Form and subsequent debit in case of Allotment.
    (i)        Upon successful validation of the block request by the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹
               5,00,000), the said information would be electronically received by the Individual Investor / NII (NII having
               application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bank, where the funds, equivalent to the application amount would get blocked in
               the ASBA Account of the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000). Intimation regarding
               confirmation of such blocking of funds in the ASBA Account of the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application
               size upto ₹ 5,00,000) would also be received by the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹
               5,00,000). Information on the block status request would be shared with the Sponsor Bank which in turn would share
               it with the stock exchange which in turn would share it with the Registrar in the form of a file for the purpose of
               reconciliation and display it on the stock exchange bidding platform for the information of the Designated
               Intermediary.

    (j)        Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) may continue to modify upward the Bid till
               the closure of the Bidding Period. For each modification of the Bid, the Individual Investor / NII (NII having
               application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) will submit a revised Bid and will receive a UPI Mandate Request from the Sponsor
               Bank to be validated as per the process indicated above

    (k)        Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) to check the correctness of the details on the
               mandate received before approving the Mandate Request

    (l)        Post closure of the Issue, the stock exchange will share the Bid details with the Registrar along with the final file
               received from the Sponsor Bank containing status of blocked funds or otherwise, along with the ASBA Account
               details with respect to applications made by UPI Bidders using UPI ID.

4.1.7.5. Discount (if applicable)

 (a)      The Discount is stated in absolute rupee terms.

 (b) Bidders applying under Individual Investor Category, Individual Investor Shareholder and Employees under Employee
     Reservation Portion are only eligible for discount. For Discounts Issueed in the Issue, Bidders may refer to the
     RHP/Prospectus.

 (c)      The Bidders entitled to the applicable Discount in the Issue may block their ASBA Account for an amount i.e. the Bid
          Amount less Discount (if applicable).

 (d) Bidder (other than employees) may note that in case the net amount blocked (post Discount) is more than ( 2) two lots, the
     Bidding system automatically considers such applications for allocation under Non- Institutional Category. These
     applications are neither eligible for Discount nor fall under Individual Investor Category.

   4.1.8. FIELD NUMBER 8: SIGNATURES AND OTHER AUTHORISATIONS

       (a)    Only the First Bidder/Applicant is required to sign the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form.
              Bidders/Applicants should ensure that signatures are in one of the languages specified in the Eighth Schedule to the
              Constitution of India.

   (b)       The signature has to be correctly affixed in the authorization/undertaking box in the Bid cum Ap plication
             Form/Application Form, or an authorisation has to be provided to the SCSB or using the UPI to the Sponsor Bank, via
             the electronic mode, for blocking funds in the ASBA Account equivalent to the Bid Amount mentioned in the Bid cum
             Application Form/ Application Form.

   (c)       Bidders/ Applicants must note that Bid cum Application Form/Application Form without signature of Bidder/ Applicant
             and /or ASBA Account holder is liable to be rejected.

   4.1.9. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND FUTURE COMMUNICATION

   (a)       Bidders should ensure that they receive the Acknowledgment slip or the acknowledgement number duly signed and
             stamped by a Designated Intermediary, as applicable, for submission of the Bid cum Application Form.

   (b)       All communications in connection with Bids/Applications made in the Issue should be addressed as under:

               i.     In case of queries related to Allotment, non-receipt of Allotment Advice, credit of Allotted Equity Shares,
                      unblocking of funds, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the Registrar to the Issue.

               ii.    In case of Bids submitted to the Designated Branches of the SCSBs, the Bidders/Applicants should contact
                       the relevant Designated Branch of the SCSB.

               iii.    In case of queries relating to uploading of Syndicate ASBA Bids, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the
                       relevant Syndicate Member.

               iv.     In case of queries relating to uploading of Bids by a Designated Intermediary, the Bidders/Applicants should
                       contact the relevant Designated Intermediary.

               v.      In case of queries relating to uploading of Bids through the UPI Mechanism, the Bidders/Applicants should
                       contact the Designated Intermediary/BRLM.

               vi.     Bidder/Applicant may contact the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer or BRLM in case of any other
                       complaints in relation to the Issue.

 (c)          The following details (as applicable) should be quoted while making any queries –

       i.      full name of the sole or First Bidder/Applicant, Bid cum Application Form number, Applicants’/Bidders’ DP ID, Client
               ID, PAN, number of Equity Shares applied for, amount paid on application.

       ii.     Name and address of the Designated Intermediary, where the Bid was submitted along with the acknowledgment
               slip from Designated Intermediary or

       iii.    Bids, ASBA Account number or the UPI ID (for UPI Bidders who make the payment of Bid Amount through the
               UPI mechanism) linked to the ASBA Account where the Bid Amount was blocked.

For further details, Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form.

 4.2. INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING THE REVISION FORM

 (a)        During the Bid/Issue Period, any Bidder/Applicant (other than QIBs and NIIs, who can only revise their bid upwards)
            who has registered his or her interest in the Equity Shares at a particular price level is free to revise his or her Bid within
            the Price Band using the Revision Form, which is a part of the Bid cum Application Form.

 (b) None of the Investor can revise their Bids or withdraw their bids.

 (c)        Revisions can be made in both the desired number of Equity Shares and the Bid Amount by using the Revision Form.

 (d) The Bidder/Applicant can make this revision any number of times during the Bid/Issue Period. However, for any
     revision(s) in the Bid, the Bidders/Applicants will have to use the services of the same Designated Intermediary through
     which such Bidder/Applicant had placed the original Bid. It is clarified that Individual Investors / NII (NII having
     application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) whose original Bid is made using the UPI mechanism can make revision(s) to their Bid
     using the UPI mechanism only, whereby each time the Sponsor Bank will initiate a new UPI Mandate Request.
     Bidders/Applicants are advised to retain copies of the blank Revision Form and the Bid(s) must be made only in such
     Revision Form or copies thereof.

 A sample revision form is reproduced below:
Instructions to fill each field of the Revision Form can be found on the reverse side of the Revision Form.
Other than instructions already highlighted at paragraph 4.1 above, point wise instructions regarding filling
up various fields of the Revision Form are provided below:
 4.2.1.    FIELDS 1, 2 AND 3: NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT, PAN OF
            SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT & DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS OF THE
            BIDDER/APPLICANT

            Bidders/Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3.

 4.2.2.     FIELD 4 & 5: BID OPTIONS REVISION “FROM” AND “TO”

 (a)         Apart from mentioning the revised options in the Revision Form, the Bidder/Applicant must also mention the
             details of all the bid options given in his or her Bid cum Application Form or earlier Revision Form. For example,
             if a Bidder/Applicant has Bid for three options in the Bid cum Application Form and such Bidder/Applicant is
             changing only one of the options in the Revision Form, the Bidder/Applicant must still fill the details of the other
             two options that are not being revised, in the Revision Form. The Designated Intermediaries may not accept
             incomplete or inaccurate Revision Forms.

 (b)         In case of revision, Bid options should be provided by Bidders/Applicants in the same order as provided in the
             Bid cum Application Form.

 (c)         In case of revision of Bids by Individual Investors and Individual Shareholders, such Bidders/Applicants should
             ensure that the Bid Amount, subsequent to revision, does exceed ₹ 200,000. In case the Bid Amount exceeds two
             lots due to revision of the Bid or for any other reason, the Bid may be considered, subject to eligibility, for
             allocation under the Non-Institutional Category, not being eligible for Discount (if applicable) and such Bid may
             be rejected if it is at the Cut- off Price.

 (d)         In case of revision of Bids by Employees, such Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the Bid Amount, subsequent
             to revision, does not exceed ₹ 500,000 (five lakhs).

 4.2.3.   FIELD 6: PAYMENT DETAILS

 (a)         All Bidders/Applicants are required to authorize blocking of the full Bid Amount (less Discount (if applicable))
             at the time of submitting the Bid Revision Form. In case of Bidders/Applicants specifying more than one Bid
             Option in the Bid cum Application Form, the total Bid Amount may be calculated for the highest of three options
             at net price, i.e. Bid price less discount Issueed, if any.

 (b)      Bidder/Applicant may issue instructions to block the revised amount based on cap of the revised Price Band (adjusted
             for the Discount (if applicable) in the ASBA Account, to the same Designated Intermediary through whom such
             Bidder/Applicant had placed the original Bid to enable the relevant SCSB to block the additional Bid Amount, if
             any.


4.2.4.     FIELD 7: SIGNATURES AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

           Bidders/Applicants may refer to instructions contained at paragraphs 4.1.8 and 4.1.9 for this purpose.

 4.3.     INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING APPLICATION FORM IN ISSUES MADE OTHER THAN THROUGH THE
            BOOK BUILDING PROCESS (FIXED PRICE ISSUE)

 4.3.1.   FIELDS 1, 2, 3 NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT, PAN OF
           SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT & DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS OF THE
           BIDDER/APPLICANT

            Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3.

 4.3.2.     FIELD 4: PRICE, APPLICATION QUANTITY & AMOUNT

 (a)       The Issuer may mention Price or Price Band in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. However a prospectus filled with
           RoC contains one price or coupon rate (as applicable).

 (b)       Minimum Application Value and Bid Lot: The Issuer in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager to
           the Issue (BRLM) may decide the minimum number of Equity Shares for each Bid to ensure that the minimum
           application value is within the range as prescribed under SEBI circulars/regulations. The minimum Lot size is
           accordingly determined by an Issuer on basis of such minimum application value.

 (c)       Applications by Individual Investors and Individual Investor Shareholders, must be for such number of shares so
          as to ensure that the application amount less Discount (as applicable) payable does exceed ₹ 200,000 (two lakhs).

(d)      Applications by Employees must be for such number of shares that the application amount payable less Discount
         (as applicable) does not exceed ₹ 500,000.

(e)      Applications by other investors must be for such minimum number of shares such that the application amount
         exceeds ₹ 200,000 and in multiples of such number of Equity Shares thereafter, as may be disclosed in the
         application form and the Red herring Prospectus, or as advertised by the Issuer, as the case may be.

(f)       An application cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size.

(g)       The maximum application by any Applicant should not exceed the investment limits prescribed for them under the
          applicable laws.

(h)       Multiple Applications: An Applicant should submit only one Application Form. Submission of a second
          Application Form to either the same or other SCSB and duplicate copies of Application Forms bearing the same
          application number shall be treated as multiple applications and are liable to be rejected.

(i)       For details regarding the procedures to be followed by the Registrar to detect multiple applications. Applicants
          should refer to paragraphs 4.1.4.2(b) and 4.1.4.2(c).

4.3.3.    FIELD NUMBER 5 : CATEGORY OF APPLICANTS

(a)       The categories of applicants identified as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of Bidding, allocation
          and Allotment in the Issue are Individual Investors, individual applicants other than Individual Investors and other
          investors (including corporate bodies or institutions, irrespective of the number of specified securities applied for).

(b)       The SEBI ICDR Regulations specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of
          applicants in an Issue depending upon compliance with the eligibility conditions. Details pertaining to allocation
          are disclosed on reverse side of the Revision Form. For Issue specific details in relation to allocation applicant
          may refer to the Red Herring Prospectus.

(c)       An Issuer can make reservation for certain categories of Applicants permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
          For details of any reservations made in the Issue, applicants may refer to the Red Herring Prospectus.

4.3.4.   FIELD NUMBER 6: INVESTOR STATUS

         Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.6.

4.3.5.   FIELD 7: PAYMENT DETAILS

(a)       Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in this field. In case the Bidder
          doesn‘t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the application would be rejected. For
          application submitted to Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Bidder providing both the ASBA Bank
          account details as well as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application.

(b)       All Applicants (other than Anchor Investors) are required to make use of ASBA for applying in the Issue.

(c)       Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) applying through Designated
          Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) may make use of the UPI mechanism for applying in the Issue. If Individual
          Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) are applying in the Issue through non-UPI mechanism,
          then it shall either submit physical Bid cum Application Form with the SCSBs or the Designated Branches of the
          SCSBs under Channel I or submit the Bid cum Application Form online using the facility of 3 -in1 type accounts
          under Channel II.



(d)       Application Amount cannot be paid in cash, cheques or demand drafts through money order or through postal order
          or through stock invest.

(e)       Applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public Issueings (opening on or after September 1, 2022)
          shall be processed only after application monies are blocked in the bank accounts of investors (all categories).
4.3.5.1. Payment instructions for Applicants

             Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.7.2.


4.3.5.2. Unblocking of ASBA Account

             Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.3.

4.3.5.3. Additional Payment Instructions for Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size up to ₹ 5,00,000)
        bidding through Designated Intermediaries using the UPI mechanism

             Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.4.

4.3.5.4. Discount (if applicable)

             Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.5.

4.3.6. FIELD NUMBER 8: SIGNATURES AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS & ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND
       FUTURE COMMUNICATION

             Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.8 & 4.1.9.

4.4.    SUBMISSION OF BID CUM APPLICATION FORM/ REVISION FORM/APPLICATION FORM

4.4.1. Bidders/Applicants may submit completed Bid-cum-application form / Revision Form in the following manner:-


        Mode of Application                Submission of Bid cum Application Form
        Anchor           Investors         To one of the Book Running Lead Managers at the Specified Locations mentioned
        Application Form                   in the Bid cum Application Form
        Applications from QIB‘s        To members of the Syndicate in the Specified Locations or Registered Brokers at
        and NIIs                       the Broker Centres or the CRTAs at the Designated RTA Locations or the CDPs at
                                       the Designated CDP Locations; and To the Designated Branches of the SCSBs where
                                       the ASBA Account is maintained
        Applications from Individual (a) To members of the Syndicate in the Specified Locations or Registered Brokers at
        Investors applying through UPI the Broker Centres or the CRTAs at the Designated RTA Locations or the CDPs
        mechanism                      at the Designated CDP Locations; and
        Applications      from             To the Designated Branches of the SCSBs where the ASBA Account is maintained
        Individual Investors               To the Brokers providing the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank
        applying through non- UPI          account (3-in-1 type accounts) online
        mechanism

       (a)       Bidders/Applicants should submit the Revision Form to the same Designated Intermediary through which
                 such Bidder/Applicant had submitted the original Bid.

       (b)       Upon submission of the Bid-cum-Application Form, the Bidder/Applicant will be deemed to have authorized
                 the Issuer to make the necessary changes in the RHP and the Bid cum Application Form as would be required
                 for filing Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies (RoC) and as would be required by the RoC after such
                 filing, without prior or subsequent notice of such changes to the relevant Bidder/Applicant.

       (c)       Upon determination of the Issue Price and filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, the Bid-cum- Application
                 Form will be considered as the application form.
SECTION 5: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN BOOK BUILT ISSUE

Book Building, in the context of the Issue, refers to the process of collection of Bids within the Price Band or above the
Floor Price and determining the Issue Price based on the Bids received as detailed in Schedule XIII of SEBI ICDR
Regulations. The Issue Price is finalised after the Bid/Issue Closing Date. Valid Bids received at or above the Issue Price are
considered for allocation in the Issue, subject to applicable regulations and other terms and conditions.

5.1.         SUBMISSION OF BIDS

       (a)    During the Bid/Issue Period, ASBA Bidders/Applicants may approach any of the Designated Intermediary to
              register and submit their Bids. Anchor Investors who are interested in subscribing for the Equity Shares should
              approach one of the Book Running Lead Managers on the Anchor Investor Bidding Date to register and submit
              their Bid.

       (b)     In case of Bidders/Applicants (excluding NIIs and QIBs) bidding at Cut-off Price, the Bidders/Applicants may
               instruct the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, to block Bid Amount based on the Cap Price less discount
               (if applicable).

       (c)     For details of the timing on acceptance and upload of Bids in the Stock Exchanges Platform Bidders/Applicants
               are requested to refer to the RHP.

5.2.         ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION OF BIDS

       (a)     The Designated Intermediary may register the Bids using the on-line facility of the Stock Exchanges.
               The Designated Intermediaries can also set up facilities for off-line electronic registration of Bids, subject to the
               condition that they may subsequently upload the off-line data file into the on-line facilities for Book Building
               on a regular basis before the closure of the Issue.

       (b)    On the Bid/Issue Closing Date, the Designated Intermediaries may upload the Bids till such time as may be
              permitted by the Stock Exchanges.

       (c)     Only Bids that are uploaded on the Stock Exchanges Platform would be considered for allocation/ Allotment.
               In UPI Phase II, the Designated Intermediaries are given time till 5:00 pm on the Bid/Issue Closing Date to
               modify select fields uploaded in the Stock Exchange Platform during the Bid/Issue Period after which the Stock
               Exchange(s) send the bid information to the Registrar to the Issue for further processing.

5.3.         BUILD UP OF THE BOOK

       (a)    Bids received from various Bidders/ Applicants through the Designated Intermediaries may be electronically
               uploaded on the Bidding Platform of the Stock Exchanges‘ on a regular basis. The book gets built up at various
               price levels. This information may be available with the Book Running Lead Managers at the end of the
               Bid/Issue Period.

       (b)    Based on the aggregate demand and price for Bids registered on the Stock Exchanges Platform, a graphical
              representation of consolidated demand and price as available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges may be
              made available at the Bidding centres during the Bid/Issue Period.

5.4.         WITHDRAWAL OF BIDS


       (a)     The Registrar to the Issue shall give instruction to the SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, for unblocking
               the ASBA Account upon or after the finalization of basis of Allotment. None of the Investor can neither
               withdraw nor lower the size of their Bids at any.
5.5.           REJECTION & RESPONSIBILITY FOR UPLOAD OF BIDS

       (a)         The Designated Intermediaries are individually responsible for the acts, mistakes or errors or omission in
                    relation to

                   i.   the Bids accepted by the Designated Intermediary;

                   ii. the Bids (including UP ID, as applicable) uploaded by the Designated Intermediary; and

                   iii. the Bid cum application forms accepted but not uploaded by the Designated Intermediaries.

       (b)         The Book Running Lead Managers and their affiliate Syndicate Members, as the case may be, may reject Bids
                   if all the information required is not provided and the Bid cum Application Form is incomplete in any respect.

       (c)         The SCSBs or the Sponsor Banks, as applicable, shall have no right to reject Bids, except in case of
                   unavailability of adequate funds in the ASBA Account or on technical grounds.

       (d)         In case of QIB Bidders, only the (i) SCSBs (for Bids other than the Bids by Anchor Inv estors); and (ii) Book
                    Running Lead Managers and their affiliate Syndicate Members (only in the specified locations) have the right to
                    reject bids. However, such rejection shall be made at the time of receiving the Bid and only after assigning a
                    reason for such rejection in writing.

       (e)         All bids by QIBs, NIIs & Individual Investors Bids can be rejected on technical grounds listed herein.

5.5.1.        GROUNDS FOR TECHNICAL REJECTIONS

              Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form can be rejected on the below mentioned technical grounds either at the
              time of their submission to any of the Designated Intermediaries, or at the time of finalization of the Basis of Allotment.
              Bidders/Applicants are advised to note that the Bids/Applications are liable to be rejected, among other things, on the
              following grounds, which have been detailed at various places in this GID:-

             (a)        Bid/Application by persons not competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, as amended,
                        (other than minors having valid Depository Account as per Demographic Details provided by Depositories);

             (b)        Bids/Applications of Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) accompanied by cash, draft, cheques, money
                        order or any other mode of payment other than amounts blocked in the Bidders‘ ASBA Account;

             (c)        Bids/Applications by OCBs;

             (d)        In case of partnership firms, Bid/Application for Equity Shares made in the name of the firm. However, a
                        limited liability partnership can apply in its own name;

             (e)         In case of Bids/Applications under power of attorney or by limited companies, corporate, trust etc., relevant
                        documents are not being submitted along with the Bid cum application form/Application Form;

             (f)        Bids/Applications by persons prohibited from buying, selling or dealing in the shares directly or indirectly
                        by SEBI or any other regulatory authority;

             (g)        Bids/Applications by any person outside India if not in compliance with applicable foreign and Indian laws;

             (h)        DP ID and Client ID not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form;

             (i)        ASBA Account number or UPI ID not mentioned or incorrectly mentioned in the Bid cum Application
                        Form/Application Form;

             (j)        In case of Bids by Individual Investors / NII (NII applying with application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) (applying
                        through the UPI mechanism) through a UPI handle not covered in the prescribed list of SEBI.

             (k)        In case of Bids by Individual Investors / NII (NII applying with application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) (applying
                        through the UPI mechanism) using a bank account of an SCSB or bank which is not covered in the prescribed
                        list of SEBI.

             (l)        PAN not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form except for Bids/Applications by or
                        on behalf of the Central or State Government and officials appointed by the court and by the investors
                        residing in the State of Sikkim, provided such claims have been verified by the Depository Participant;
(m)     In case no corresponding record is available with the Depositories that matches the DP ID, the Client ID and
        the PAN;

(n)     Bids/Applications for lower number of Equity Shares than the minimum specified for that category of
        investors;

(o)     Bids/Applications at a price less than the Floor Price & Bids/Applications at a price more than the Cap
        Price;

(p)     Bids/Applications at Cut-off Price by NIIs and QIBs;

(q)     The amounts mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form does not tally with the amount
        payable for the value of the Equity Shares Bid/Applied for;

(r)     Bids/Applications for amounts greater than the maximum permissible amounts prescribed by the
        regulations;

(s)     Submission of Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form using third party UPI ID or ASBA Bank
        Account;

(t)    Submission of more than one Bid cum Application Form per UPI ID by UPI Bidders bidding through
       Designated Intermediaries other than SCSBs (except for Individual Investors applying as Individual Investor
       Shareholders also);

(u)     Submission of more than one Bid cum Application Form per ASBA Account by Bidders bidding through
        Designated Intermediaries (except in case of joint account holders);

(v)     In case of joint Bids, submission of Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form using second or third
        party’s UPI ID or ASBA Bank Account;

(w)     Bids/Applications for number of Equity Shares which are not in multiples of Equity Shares as specified in
        the RHP;

(x)     Multiple Bids/Applications as defined in this GID and the RHP/Prospectus;

(y)     Bid cum Application Forms/Application Forms are not delivered by the Bidders/Applicants within the time
        prescribed as per the Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form, Bid/Issue Opening Date advertisement
        and as per the instructions in the RHP and the Bid cum Application Forms;

(z)     Bank account mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form (for Bidders applying through the non-UPI
        mechanism) may not be an account maintained by SCSB. Inadequate funds in the ASBA Account to block
        the Bid/Application Amount specified in the Bid cum Application Form/ Application Form at the time of
        blocking such Bid/Application Amount in the ASBA Account;

(aa) In case of Bids by Individual Investors / NII (NII applying with application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) (applying
      through the UPI mechanism), the UPI ID mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form is linked to a third-party
      bank account;

(bb) In case of Bids by Individual Investors / NII (NII applying with application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) (applying
      through the UPI mechanism), the UPI ID is not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form;

(cc)    In case of Anchor Investors, Bids/Applications where sufficient funds are not available in Escrow Accounts
        as per final certificate from the Anchor Escrow Bank;

(dd)    Where no confirmation is received from SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, for blocking of funds;

(ee)   Bids/Applications by QIB and NII Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) not submitted through ASBA
        process;

(ff)   Bid cum Application Form submitted to Designated Intermediaries at locations other than the Bidding
        Centers or to the Anchor Escrow Bank (assuming that such bank is not a SCSB where the ASBA Account is
        maintained), to the Issuer or the Registrar to the Issue;
 (gg)   Bid cum Application Form submitted physically by Individual Investors bidding through the non-UPI
         mechanism to Designated Intermediaries other than SCSBs;

 (hh)     Bids/Applications not uploaded on the terminals of the Stock Exchanges;

 (ii)   Bids/Applications by SCSBs wherein a separate account in its own name held with any other SCSB is not
         mentioned as the ASBA Account in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form.

 (jj)     The UPI Mandate is not approved by UPI Bidders; and

 (kk)    The original Bid/Application is made using the UPI mechanism and revision(s) to the Bid/Application is made
          using ASBA either physically or online through the SCSB, and vice- versa.

(ll)    Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in the Bid cum Application
         Form. In case the Bidder doesn‘t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the
         application would be rejected. For application submitted to Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs),
         Bidder providing both the ASBA Bank account details as well as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered for
         processing of the application. Applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public Issueings (opening
         on or after September 1, 2022) shall be processed only after application monies are blocked in the bank accounts
         of investors (all categories).

(mm) UPI Bidders shall ensure that the bank, with which they have their bank account, where the funds equivalent to
     the application amount is available for blocking, has been notified as Issuer Banks for UPI. A list of such banks
     is available on SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in:

        Home» Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions» Recognised Intermediaries» Self-Certified Syndicate
        Banks eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI

(nn) In case of revision of Bids by II’s Bidders, if UPI Mandate Request for the revised Bid is not approved, the
      Application is liable to be rejected.

(oo)    In case of revision of Bids by Individual Investor / NII (NII applying with application size upto ₹ 5,00,0 00)
         Bidders, if UPI Mandate Request for the revised Bid is not approved, the Application is liable to be rejected


5.6. BASIS OF ALLOCATION

(a)       The SEBI ICDR Regulations specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of
          Bidders/Applicants in an Issue depending on compliance with the applicable eligibility conditions. Certain
          details pertaining to the percentage of Issue size available for allocation to each category is disclosed overleaf
          of the Bid cum Application Form and in the RHP / Prospectus. For details in relation to allocation, the
          Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/ Prospectus.

(b)       Under-subscription in any category (except QIB category) is allowed to be met with spill-over from any other
          category or combination of categories at the discretion of the Issuer and in consultation with the Book Running
          Lead Managers and the Designated Stock Exchange and in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
          Unsubscribed portion in QIB Category is not available for subscription to other categories.

(c)       In case of under subscription in the Net Issue, spill-over to the extent of such under-subscription may be
          permitted from the Reserved Portion to the Net Issue. For allocation in the event of an under-subscription
          applicable to the Issuer, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP.

(d)       Illustration of the Book Building and Price Discovery Process

          Bidders should note that this example is solely for illustrative purposes and is not specific to the Issue; it also
          excludes Bidding by Anchor Investors.

          Illustration of the Book Building and Price Discovery Process: Bidders should note that this example is solely
          for illustrative purposes and is not specific to the Issue; it also excludes Bidding by Anchor Investors. Bidders
          can bid at any price within the price band. For instance, assume a price band of ₹ 20 to ₹24 per share, Issue
          size of 3,000 equity shares and receipt of five bids from Bidders, details of which are shown in the table below.
          The illustrative book given below shows the demand for the equity shares of the Issuer at various prices and
          is collated from bids received from various bidders.
                Bid Quantity        Bid Amount (₹ )                 Cumulative Quantity            Subscription
                             500                              24                            500                        16.67%
                           1,000                              23                          1,500                        50.00%
                           1,500                              22                          3,000                       100.00%
                           2,000                              21                          5,000                       166.67%
                           2,500                              20                          7,500                       250.00%

       The price discovery is a function of demand at various prices. The highest price at which the Issuer is able to Issue
       the desired number of equity shares is the price at which the book cuts off, i.e., ₹ 22.00 in the above example. The
       Issuer, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, may finalise the Issue Price at or below such cut-off
       price, i.e., at or below ₹ 22.00. All bids at or above this Issue Price and cut-off bids are valid bids and are considered
       for allocation in the respective categories.


(e)   Alternate Method of Book Building

       In case of FPOs, Issuers may opt for an alternate method of Book Building in which only the Floor Price is specified
       for the purposes of Bidding (“Alternate Book Building Process”).

       The Issuer may specify the Floor Price in the RHP or advertise the Floor Price at least 1 ( one) Working Day prior
       to the Bid/Issue Opening Date. QIBs may Bid at a price higher than the Floor Price and the Allotment to the QIBs
       is made on a price priority basis. The Bidder with the highest Bid Amount is allotted the number of Equity Shares
       Bid for and then the second highest Bidder is Allotted Equity Shares and this process continues until all the
       Equity Shares have been allotted. Individual Investors and NIIs are Allotted Equity Shares at the Floor Price and
       allotment to these categories of Bidders is made proportionately. If the number of Equity Shares Bid for at a price
       is more than available quantity then the Allotment may be done on a proportionate basis. Further, the Issuer may
       place a cap either in terms of number of specified securities or percentage of issued capital of the Issuer that may be
       Allotted to a single Bidder, decide whether a Bidder be allowed to revise the bid upwards or downwards in terms of
       price and/or quantity and also decide whether a Bidder be allowed single or multiple bids.
                        SECTION 6: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN FIXED PRICE ISSUE

This being the Book Built Issue this section is not applicable for this Issue.
                        SECTION 7: ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT

The Allotment of Equity Shares to Bidders/Applicants other than Individual Investors, Non-Institutional Investors and Anchor
Investors may be on proportionate basis. For Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to
RHP/Prospectus. No Individual Investor will be allotted less than the minimum Bid Lot subject to availability of shares in
Individual Investor Category and the remaining available shares, if any will be Allotted on a proportionate basis. The Issuer is
required to receive a minimum subscription of 90% of the Issue (excluding any Issue for Sale of specified securities).
However, in case the Issue is in the nature of Issue for Sale only, then minimum subscription may not be applicable.

7.1.         ALLOTMENT TO INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS

Bids received from the Individual Investors at or above the Issue Price may be grouped together to determine the total demand
under this category. If the aggregate demand in this category is less than or equal to the Individual Investors Category at or
above the Issue Price, full Allotment may be made to the Individual Investors to the extent of the valid Bids. If the aggregate
demand in this category is greater than the allocation in the Individual Investor Category at or above the Issue Price, then the
maximum number of Individual Investors who can be Allotted the minimum Bid Lot will be computed by dividing the total
number of Equity Shares available for Allotment to Individual Investors by the minimum Bid Lot (“Maximum Individual
Investor Allottees”). The Allotment to the Individual Investors will then be made in the following manner:

(a)     In the event the number of Individual Investors who have submitted valid Bids in the Issue is equal to or less than
        Maximum Individual Investor Allottees; (i) all such Individual Investors shall be Allotted the minimum Bid Lot; and
        (ii) the balance available Equity Shares, if any, remaining in the Individual Investor Category shall be Allotted on a
        proportionate basis to the Individual Investors who have received Allotment as per (i) above for the balance demand
        of the Equity Shares Bid by them (i.e. who have Bid for more than the minimum Bid Lot).

(b) In the event the number of Individual Investors who have submitted valid Bids in the Issue is more than Maximum
    Individual Investor Allottees, the Individual Investors (in that category) who will then be Allotted minimum Bid Lot
    shall be determined on the basis of draw of lots.

7.2.         ALLOTMENT TO NIIs

Bids received from NIIs at or above the Issue Price may be grouped together to determine the total demand under this
category. The Allotment to all successful NIIs may be made at or above the Issue Price. If the aggregate demand in this
category is less than or equal to the Non-Institutional Category at or above the Issue Price, full Allotment may be made to
NIIs to the extent of their demand. In case the aggregate demand in this category is greater than the Non-Institutional
Category at or above the Issue Price, Allotment may be made on a proportionate basis up to a minimum of the Non-
Institutional Category.

7.3.         ALLOTMENT TO QIBs

For the Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the SEBI ICDR Regulations or RHP /
Prospectus. Bids received from QIBs Bidding in the QIB Category (net of Anchor Portion) at or above the Issue Price may
be grouped together to determine the total demand under this category. The QIB Category may be available for Allotment to
QIBs who have Bid at a price that is equal to or greater than the Issue Price. Allotment may be undertaken in the following
manner:

  (a)        In the first instance allocation to Mutual Funds for up to 5% of the QIB Category may be determined as follows:

              In the event that Bids by Mutual Fund exceeds 5% of the QIB Category, allocation to Mutual Funds may be done
             on a proportionate basis for up to 5% of the QIB Category; (ii) In the event that the aggregate demand from Mutual
             Funds is less than 5% of the QIB Category then all Mutual Funds may get full allotment to the extent of valid Bids
             received above the Issue Price; and (iii) Equity Shares remaining unsubscribed, if any and not allocated to Mutual
             Funds may be available for allotment to all QIBs as set out at paragraph 7.4(b) below.

  (b)        In the second instance, allotment to all QIBs may be determined as follows: (i) In the event of oversubscription in
             the QIB Category, all QIBs who have submitted Bids above the Issue Price may be Allotted Equity Shares on a
             proportionate basis for up to 95% of the QIB Category; (ii) Mutual Funds, who have received allocation as per
             (a) above, for less than the number of Equity Shares Bid for by them, are eligible to receive Equity Shares on a
             proportionate basis along with other QIBs; and (iii) Under-subscription below 5% of the QIB Category, if any,
             from Mutual Funds, may be included for allocation to the remaining QIBs on a proportionate basis.

7.4.         ALLOTMENT TO ANCHOR INVESTOR (IF APPLICABLE)

       (a)    Allocation of Equity Shares to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be at the discretion of the
              Issuer subject to compliance with the following requirements:
              i.     not more than 60% of the QIB Category will be allocated to Anchor Investors;

              ii. 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for, (i) 33.33% shall be available for allocation to domestic
                  Mutual Funds and (ii) 6.67% shall be available for allocation to life insurance companies and pension funds,
                  subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds, life insurance companies, and pension funds
                  at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription under (ii) above, the
                  allocation may be made to domestic Mutual Funds; and; and

              iii.    allocation to Anchor Investors shall be on a discretionary basis and subject to:
                       a maximum number of 2 (two) Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹ 2 (two) crores;
                       a minimum number of 2 (two) Anchor Investors and maximum number of 15 (fifteen) Anchor Investors
                           for allocation of more than ₹ 2 (two) crores and up to ₹ 25 (twenty five) crores subject to minimum
                           allotment of ₹ 1 (one) crore per such Anchor Investor; and
                       in case of allocation above 25 (twenty five) crore rupees; a minimum number of 5 (five) Anchor Investors
                           and a maximum number of 15 (fifteen) Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹ 25 (twenty five) crores
                           and an additional 10 (ten) Anchor Investors for every additional ₹ 25 (twenty five) crores or part thereof,
                           subject to minimum allotment of ₹ 1 (one) crore per such Anchor Investor.

       (b)    A physical book is prepared by the Registrar on the basis of the Bid cum Application Forms received from Anchor
              Investors. Based on the physical book and at the discretion of the Issuer in consultation with the BRLM, selected
              Anchor Investors will be sent a CAN and if required, a revised CAN.

       (c)    In the event that the Issue Price is higher than the Anchor Investor Issue Price: Anchor Investors will be sent
              a revised CAN within 1 (one) day of the Pricing Date indicating the number of Equity Shares allocated to such
              Anchor Investor and the pay-in date for payment of the balance amount. Anchor Investors are then required to pay
              any additional amounts, being the difference between the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price, as
              indicated in the revised CAN within the pay-in date referred to in the revised CAN. Thereafter, the Allotment
              Advice will be issued to such Anchor Investors.

       (d)    In the event the Issue Price is lower than the Anchor Investor Issue Price: Anchor Investors who have been
              Allotted Equity Shares will directly receive Allotment Advice.

7.5.          BASIS OF ALLOTMENT FOR QIBs (OTHER THAN ANCHOR INVESTORS), NIIs AND RESERVED
              CATEGORY IN CASE OF OVER-SUBSCRIBED ISSUE

In the event of the Issue being over-subscribed, the Issuer may finalise the Basis of Allotment in consultation with the
Designated Stock Exchange in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

       The allocation may be made in marketable lots, on a proportionate basis as explained below:

        (a) Bidders may be categorized according to the number of Equity Shares applied for.

        (b) The total number of Equity Shares to be Allotted to each category as a whole may be arrived at on a proportionate
            basis, which is the total number of Equity Shares applied for in that category (number of Bidders in the category
            multiplied by the number of Equity Shares applied for) multiplied by the inverse of the over -subscription ratio.

        (c) The number of Equity Shares to be Allotted to the successful Bidders may be arrived at on a proportionate basis,
            which is total number of Equity Shares applied for by each Bidder in that category multiplied by the inverse of the
            over-subscription ratio.

        (d) In all Bids where the proportionate Allotment is less than the minimum Bid Lot decided per Bidder, the Allotment
             may be made as follows: the successful Bidders out of the total Bidders for a category may be determined by a draw
             of lots in a manner such that the total number of Equity Shares Allotted in that category is equal to the number of
             Equity Shares calculated in accordance with (b) above; and each successful Bidder may be Allotted a minimum of
             such Equity Shares equal to the minimum Bid Lot finalised by the Issuer.

        (e) If the proportionate Allotment to a Bidder is a number that is more than the minimum Bid Lot but is not a multiple
             of one (which is the marketable lot), the decimal may be rounded off to the higher whole number if that decimal is
             0.5 or higher. If that number is lower than 0.5 it may be rounded off to the lower whole number. Allotment to all
             Bidders in such categories may be arrived at after such rounding off.

        (f)   If the Equity Shares allocated on a proportionate basis to any category are more than the Equity Shares Allotted to
              the Bidders in that category, the remaining Equity Shares available for allotment may be first adjusted against any
              other category, where the Allotted Equity Shares are not sufficient for proportionate Allotment to the successful
        Bidders in that category. The balance Equity Shares, if any, remaining after such adjustment may be added to the
        category comprising Bidders applying for minimum number of Equity Shares.

7.6.    DESIGNATED DATE AND ALLOTMENT OF EQUITY SHARES

  (a)        Designated Date: On the Designated Date, the Anchor Escrow Bank shall transfer the funds represented
             by allocation of Equity Shares to Anchor Investors from the Escrow Accounts, as per the terms of the Cash
             Escrow Agreement, into the Public Issue Account with the Bankers to the Issue. The balance amount after
             transfer to the Public Issue Account shall be transferred to the Refund Account. Payments of refund to the
             Bidders applying in the Anchor Investor Portion shall be made from the Refund Account as per the terms of
             the Cash Escrow Agreement and the RHP. On the Designated Date, the Registrar to the Issue shall instruct
             the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, to transfer funds represented by allocation of Equity Shares
             from ASBA Accounts into the Public Issue Account.

  (b)        Issuance of Allotment Advice: Upon approval of the Basis of Allotment by the Designated Stock Exchange,
             the Registrar shall upload the same on its website. On the basis of the approved Basis of Allotment, the Issuer
             shall pass necessary resolutions and undertake corporate actions to facilitate the Allotment and credit of Equity
             Shares to successful Bidders/Applicants. Bidders/Applicants are advised to instruct their Depository
             Participant to accept the Equity Shares that may be allotted to them pursuant to the Issue.

             Pursuant to confirmation of such corporate actions, the Registrar will dispatch Allotment Advice to
             the Bidders/Applicants who have been Allotted Equity Shares in the Issue.

  (c)        The dispatch of Allotment Advice shall be deemed a valid, binding and irrevocable contract.

  (d)        Issuer will ensure that: (i) the Allotment of Equity Shares; and (ii) credit of shares to the successful
             Bidders/Applicants Depository Account will be completed within 2 ( two) Working Days of the Bid/Issue
             Closing Date.
                                               SECTION 8: INTEREST AND REFUNDS

8.1.           COMPLETION OF FORMALITIES FOR LISTING & COMMENCEMENT OF TRADING

               The Issuer may ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for listing and commencement of
               trading at all the Stock Exchanges are taken within 3 (three) Working Days of the Bid/Issue Closing Date.

8.2.           GROUNDS FOR REFUND

8.2.1.         NON-RECEIPT OF LISTING PERMISSION

               An Issuer makes an application to the Stock Exchange(s) for permission to deal in/list and for an official quotation
               of the Equity Shares. All the Stock Exchanges from where such permission is sought are disclosed in
               RHP/Prospectus. The Designated Stock Exchange will be disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus with which the Basis of
               Allotment may be finalized.

               If the Issuer fails to make application to the Stock Exchange(s) and obtain permission for listing of the Equity
               Shares, in accordance with the provisions of Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Issuer may be punishable
               with a fine which shall not be less than ₹ 5 (five) lakhs but which may extend to ₹ 50 (fifty) lakhs and every officer
               of the Issuer who is in default shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year
               or with fine which shall not be less than ₹ 50,000 (fifty thousand) but which may extend to ₹ 3 (three) lakhs, or with
               both.

               If the permissions to deal in and for an official quotation of the Equity Shares are not granted by any of the Stock
               Exchange(s), the Issuer may forthwith take steps to refund, without interest, all moneys received from the
               Bidders/Applicants in pursuance of the RHP/Prospectus.

               If such money is not refunded to Bidders within the prescribed time after the Issuer becomes liable to repay it, then
               the Issuer and every director of the Issuer who is an officer in default may, on and from such expiry of such period,
               be liable to repay the money, with interest at such rate, as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus.

8.2.2.         NON-RECEIPT OF MINIMUM SUBSCRIPTION

              This Issue is not restricted to any minimum subscription level and is 100% underwritten. As per Section 39 of the
              Companies Act, 2013, if the stated minimum amount has not been subscribed and the sum payable on application is
              not received within a period of 30 days from the date of the Prospectus, the application money has to be returned within
              such period as may be prescribed. If our Company does not receive the 100% subscription of the Issue through the
              Issue Document including devolvement of Underwriters, if any, within sixty (60) days from the date of closure of the
              Issue, our Company shall forthwith refund the entire subscription amount received. If there is a delay beyond four days
              after our Company becomes liable to pay the amount, our Company and every officer in default will, on and from the
              expiry of this period, be jointly and severally liable to repay the money, with interest or other penalty as prescribed
              under the SEBI Regulations, the Companies Act 2013 and applicable law.

              In accordance with Regulation 260 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Issue shall be hundred percent underwritten.
              Thus, the underwriting obligations shall be for the entire hundred percent of the Issue through the Prospectus and shall
              not be restricted to the minimum subscription level.

              Further, in accordance with Regulation 267(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company shall ensure that the
              minimum application size in terms of number of specified securities shall not be less than two lots per applications
              i.e. the minimum application size shall be above ₹ 2,00,000/- (Rupees Two Lac only).

8.2.3.         MINIMUM NUMBER OF ALLOTTEES

               The Issuer may ensure that the number of prospective Allottees to whom Equity Shares may be allotted may not be
               less than 200 failing which the entire application monies may be refunded forthwith.

8.3.           MODE OF REFUND

         1.         In case of ASBA Bids: Within 2 (two) Working Days of the Bid/Issue Closing Date, the Registrar to the Issue
                    may give instructions to SCSBs or in case of Bids by UPI Bidders applying through the UPI mechanism to
                    the Sponsor Bank to revoke the mandate and for unblocking the amount for unsuccessful Bids or for any
                    excess amount blocked on Bidding.

         2.        In case of Anchor Investors: Within 2 (two) Working Days of the Bid/Issue Closing Date, the Registrar to the
                   Issue may dispatch the refund orders for all amounts payable to unsuccessful Anchor Investors.
         3.         In case of Anchor Investors, the Registrar to the Issue may obtain from the depositories the Bidders’ bank
                    account details, including the MICR code, on the basis of the DP ID, Client ID and PAN provided by the
                    Anchor Investors in their Bid cum Application Forms for refunds. Accordingly, Anchor Investors are advised
                    to immediately update their details as appearing on the records of their depositories. Failure to do so may
                    result in delays in dispatch of refund orders or refunds through electronic transfer of funds, as applicable, and
                    any such delay may be at the Anchor Investors‘ sole risk and neither the Issuer, the Registrar to the Issue, the
                    Escrow Collection Banks, or the Syndicate, may be liable to compensate the Anchor Investors for any losses
                    caused to them due to any such delay, or liable to pay any interest for such delay. Please note that refunds
                    shall be credited only to the bank account from which the Bid Amount was remitted to the Escrow Bank.

         4.         In the case of Bids from Eligible NRI Bidders and FPIs, refunds, if any, may generally be payable in Indian
                    Rupees only and net of bank charges and/or commission. If so desired, such payments in Indian Rupees may
                    be converted into U.S. Dollars or any other freely convertible currency as may be permitted by the RBI at the
                    rate of exchange prevailing at the time of remittance and may be dispatched by registered post. The Company
                    may not be responsible for loss, if any, incurred by the Bidder/Applicant on account of conversion of foreign
                    currency.

8.3.1.         Electronic mode of making refunds for Anchor Investors

               The payment of refund, if any, may be done through various electronic modes as mentioned below:

          i.         NACH—National Automated Clearing House is a consolidated system of ECS. Payment of refund would be
                     done through NACH for Anchor Investors having an account at any of the centres specified by the RBI
                     where such facility has been made available. This would be subject to availability of complete bank account
                     details including Magnetic Ink Character Recognition (MICR) code wherever applicable from the
                     depository. The payment of refund through NACH is mandatory for Anchor Investors having a bank
                     account at any of the centres where NACH facility has been made available by the RBI (subject to availability
                     of all information for crediting the refund through NACH including the MICR code as appearing on a
                     cheque leaf, from the depositories), except where the applicant is otherwise disclosed as eligible to get refunds
                     through NEFT or Direct Credit or RTGS.

          ii.        NEFT—Payment of refund may be undertaken through NEFT wherever the branch of the Anchor
                     Investors‘ bank is NEFT enabled and has been assigned the Indian Financial System Code (“IFSC”), which
                     can be linked to the MICR of that particular branch. The IFSC may be obtained from the website of RBI as
                     at a date prior to the date of payment of refund, duly mapped with MICR numbers. Wherever the Anchor
                     Investors have registered their nine- digit MICR number and their bank account number while opening
                     and operating the demat account, the same may be duly mapped with the IFSC of that particular bank branch
                     and the payment of refund may be made to the Anchor Investors through this method. In the event NEFT is
                     not operationally feasible, the payment of refunds may be made through any one of the other modes as
                     discussed in this section.

          iii.       Direct Credit—Anchor Investors having their bank account with the Refund Banker may be eligible to
                     receive refunds, if any, through direct credit to such bank account.

          iv.         RTGS —Anchor Investors having a bank account with a bank branch which is RTGS enabled as per the
                      information available on the website of RBI and whose refund amount exceeds ₹ 0.2 million, shall be
                      eligible to receive refund through RTGS, provided the Demographic Details downloaded from the
                      Depositories contain the nine digit MICR code of the Anchor Investor‘s bank which can be mapped with the
                      RBI data to obtain the corresponding IFSC. Charges, if any, levied by the Anchor Escrow Bank for the same
                      would be borne by our Company. Charges, if any, levied by the Anchor Investor's bank receiving the credit
                      would be borne by the Anchor Investor.

                      Please note that refunds through the abovementioned modes shall be credited only to the bank account from
                      which the Bid Amount was remitted to the Escrow Bank.

                      For details of levy of charges, if any, for any of the above methods, Bank charges, if any, for cashing such
                      cheques, pay orders or demand drafts at other centers etc. Bidders/Applicants may refer to RHP/Prospectus.

8.4.           INTEREST IN CASE OF DELAY IN ALLOTMENT OR REFUND

          The Issuer may pay interest at the rate of 15% per annum if refund orders, as applicable, are not dispatched or if, in a
          case where the refund or portion thereof is made in electronic manner, the refund instructions have not been given to
          the clearing system in the disclosed manner and/or demat credits are not made to Bidders/Applicants or instructions for
          unblocking of funds in the ASBA Account are not dispatched within the two Working Days of the Bid/Issue Closing
          Date.
The Issuer may pay interest at 15% per annum for any delay beyond 15 days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, if
Allotment is not made.
                                  SECTION 9: GLOSSARY AND ABBREVIATIONS

Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, certain definitions and abbreviations used in this document may have the
meaning as provided below. References to any legislation, act or regulation may be to such legislation, act or regulation as
amended from time to time. In case of inconsistency in the description of a term mentioned herein below and the description
ascribed to such term in the Red Herring Prospectus, the description as ascribed to such term in the Red Herring Prospectus/
Prospectus shall prevail.

  Terms                            Description
 Abridged Prospectus               Abridged prospectus means a memorandum containing such salient features of a
                                   prospectus as may be specified by SEBI in this behalf.
 Acknowledgement Slip              The slip or document issued by the Designated Intermediary (ies) to an Applicant as
                                   proof of registration of the Application.
 Allotment/Allot/Allotted          Unless the context otherwise requires, allotment of Equity Shares issued pursuant to
                                   the Issue pursuant to successful bidders.
 Allotment Advice                  Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the Bidders who have been allotted
                                   Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock
                                   Exchange.
 Allottee(s)                       Successful bidder(s) to whom the Equity Shares have been issued.
 Anchor Investor                   A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in
                                   accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Red
                                   Herring Prospectus who has Bid for an amount of at least ₹ 200.00 lakhs.
 Anchor Investor Allocation        The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to Anchor Investors in terms of the
 Price                             Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus, which will be decided by our Company, in
                                   consultation with the BRLM, on the Anchor Investor Bidding Date.
 Anchor Investor Application       The date, being one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date, on which Bids
 Form                              by Anchor Investors shall be submitted, prior to and after which the BRLM will not
                                   accept any Bids from Anchor Investors, and allocation to Anchor Investors shall be
                                   completed.
 Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue        One Working Day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, on which Bids by Anchor
 Period                            Investors shall be submitted and allocation to the Anchor Investors shall be completed.
 Anchor Investor Issue Price       Final price at which the Equity Shares will be issued and Allotted to Anchor Investors
                                   in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which price will be equal
                                   to or higher than the Issue Price but not higher than the Cap Price. The Anchor
                                   Investor Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM.
 Anchor Investor Portion           Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company, in
                                   consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, to the Anchor Investors on a
                                   discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. Further, 40% of
                                   the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic mutual funds and life
                                   insurance companies and pension funds, out of which (i) 33.33% shall be reserved for
                                   domestic Mutual Funds, and (ii) 6.67% for life insurance companies and pension funds
                                   subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds and life insurance
                                   companies and pension funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, in
                                   accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
 Application Form                  The Form in terms of which the applicant shall apply for the Equity Shares of our
                                   Company.
 Application Supported by          An application, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders, to make a Bid
 Blocked Amount / ASBA             and authorising an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account and will
                                   include amounts blocked by the SCSB upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by
                                   the UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism.
 ASBA Account                      A bank account maintained by ASBA Bidders with an SCSB and specified in the
                                   ASBA Form submitted by such ASBA Bidder in which funds will be blocked by such
                                   SCSB to the extent of the specified in the ASBA Form submitted by such ASBA
                                   Bidder and includes a bank account maintained by an Individual Investor linked to a
Terms                           Description
                                UPI ID, which will be blocked in relation to a Bid by an Individual Investor Bidding
                                through the UPI Mechanism.
ASBA             Application    Locations at which ASBA Applications can be uploaded by the SCSBs, namely
Location(s)/ Specified Cities   Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata and Ahmedabad.
ASBA Bid                        A Bid made by ASBA Bidder.
ASBA Bidder                     Any prospective investor(s) / Bidder (s) in this Issue who apply(ies) through the ASBA
                                process except Anchor Investor.
ASBA Form/        Bid    cum    An Application form (with or without UPI ID, as applicable), whether physical or
Application                     electronic, used by Bidders which will be considered as the application for Allotment
                                in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus or the Prospectus.
Basis of Allotment              The basis on which equity shares will be allotted to successful applicants under the
                                Issue and which is described in chapter titled “Issue Procedure” beginning page
                                337 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Bankers to the Issue and        The banks which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as Banker to an Issue
Refund Banker                   with whom the Public Issue Account will be opened and, in this case, being Axis Bank
                                Limited.
Bid(s)                          An indication to make an Issue during the Bid/Issue Period by an ASBA Bidder
                                pursuant to submission of the ASBA Form to subscribe to or purchase the Equity
                                Shares at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and modifications
                                thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and in terms of the Red
                                Herring Prospectus and the relevant Bid cum Application Form.
                                The term “Bidding” shall be construed accordingly.
Bid Amount                      The highest value of optional Bids indicated in the Bid cum Application Form and in
                                the case of Individual Bidders, who applies for minimum application Size and Bidding
                                at Cut Off Price, the Cap Price multiplied by the number of Equity Shares Bid for by
                                such Individual Bidder payable by the Individual Bidder or blocked in the ASBA
                                Account upon submission of the Bid in the Issue.
Bid Lot                         [●] Equity Shares and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares thereafter.
Bid/Issue Closing Date          Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date after which
                                the Designated Intermediaries will not accept any Bids, being [●], which shall be
                                published all editions of the English national newspaper Financial Express, all editions
                                of Hindi national newspaper Jansatta and Telugu edition of Regional newspaper Nava
                                Telangana where the Registered and Corporate office of the company is situated, each
                                with wide circulation.

                                Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may, consider closing the Bid/Issue
                                Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/ Issue Closing Date in accordance
                                with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. In case of any revision, the extended Bid/ Issue
                                Closing Date shall be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, and
                                also be notified on the websites of the BRLM and at the terminals of the Syndicate
                                Members, if any and communicated to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor
                                Bank, which shall also be notified in an advertisement in same newspapers in which
                                the Bid/ Issue Opening Date was published, as required under the SEBI ICDR
                                Regulations.
Bid/Issue Opening Date          Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date on which
                                the Designated Intermediaries shall start accepting Bids, being [●], which shall be
                                published in all editions of the English national newspaper Financial Express, all
                                editions of Hindi national newspaper Jansatta and Telugu edition of Regional
                                newspaper Nava Telangana where the Registered and Corporate office of the company
                                is situated, each with wide circulation.

                                In case of any revision, the revised Bid/ Issue Opening Date will also be widely
                                disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, by issuing a public notice, and
Terms                          Description
                               also by indicating the change on the websites of the Book Running Lead Manager and
                               at the terminals of the other members of the Syndicate and by intimation to the
                               Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank(s).
Bid/ Issue Period              Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the period between
                               the Bid/ Issue Opening Date and the Bid/ Issue Closing Date or the QIB Bid/ Issue
                               Closing Date, as the case may be, inclusive of both days, during which Bidders can
                               submit their Bids, including any revisions thereof. Provided however that the Bidding/
                               Issue Period shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days for all
                               categories of Bidders.
Bidder/ Applicant              Any prospective investor who makes a bid for Equity Shares in terms of the Red
                               Herring Prospectus and the Bid-Cum-Application Form and unless otherwise stated or
                               implied, which includes an ASBA Bidder and an Anchor Investor
Bidding                        The process of making a Bid.
Bidding      /     Bidding     Centres at which the Designated Intermediaries shall accept the ASBA Forms i.e.
Collection Centres             Designated SCSB Branch for SCSBs, specified locations for Syndicates, Broker
                               Centres for Registered Brokers, Designated RTA Locations for RTAs and Designated
                               CDP Locations for CDPs.
Bid Amount                     The amount at which the bidder makes a bid for the Equity Shares of our Company in
                               terms of the Red Herring Prospectus.
Bid cum Application Form       The form in terms of which the bidder shall make a bid, including ASBA Form, and
                               which shall be considered as the bid for the Allotment pursuant to the terms of the Red
                               Herring Prospectus.
Book Building Process          Book building process, as provided in Part A of Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR
                               Regulations, in terms of which the Issue is being made.
BRLM / Book Running            Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue, in this case being Nirbhay Capital Services
Lead Manager                   Private Limited.
Broker Centers                 Broker centers notified by the Stock Exchanges where investors can submit the
                               Application Forms to a Registered Broker. The details of such Broker Centers, along
                               with the names and contact details of the Registered Brokers are available on the
                               websites of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com
BSE                            BSE Limited.
BSE SME                        SME Platform of BSE Limited as per the Rules and Regulations laid down by SEBI
                               for listing of equity shares.
CAN or Confirmation of         The note or advice or intimation sent to each successful Applicant indicating the
Allocation Note                Equity which will be allotted, after approval of Basis of Allotment by the designated
                               Stock Exchange.
Cap Price                      The higher end of the Price Band, subject to any revisions thereto, above which the
                               Issue Price will not be finalized and above which no Bids will be accepted.
Collecting        Depository   A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996, registered with
Participants or CDPs           SEBI and who is eligible to procure Bids at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of
                               the SEBI ICDR Master Circular and other applicable circulars issued by SEBI as per
                               the lists available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com
                               and www.nseindia.com, as updated from time to time.

Client Id                      Client Identification Number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to
                               demat account.
Collecting Registrar and       Registrar and share transfer agents registered with SEBI and eligible to procure Bids at
Share                          the Designated RTA Locations in terms of the SEBI ICDR Master Circular issued by
Transfer Agents/CRTAs          SEBI as per the lists available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at
                               www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, as updated from time to time.
Terms                          Description
Cut-Off Price                  The Issue Price, finalized by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, which shall
                               be any price within the Price Band.

                               Only IBs Bidding in the Individual Investor Portion are entitled to Bid at the Cut-off
                               Price. QIBs (including the Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional Bidders are not
                               entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price
Controlling Branches of the    Such branches of the SCSBs which coordinate with the BRLM, the Registrar to the
SCSBs                          Issue and the Stock Exchange.
Demographic Details            The demographic details of the applicants such as their Address, PAN, name of the
                               applicant father/husband, investor status, and occupation and Bank Account details.
Depository(ies)                A depository registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Depositories and Participants)
                               Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time i.e., National Securities Depository
                               Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL).
Designated CDP Locations       Such locations of the CDPs where bidder can submit the Bid cum Application Forms
                               to Collecting Depository Participants. The details of such Designated CDP Locations,
                               along with names and contact details of the Collecting Depository Participants eligible
                               to accept Bid cum Application Forms are available on the websites of the Stock
                               Exchange i.e. www.bseindia.com.
Designated Date                The date on which funds are transferred from the Escrow Account(s) and the amounts
                               blocked by the SCSBs are transferred from the ASBA Accounts, as the case may be, to
                               the Public Issue Account or the Refund Account, as appropriate, in terms of the Red
                               Herring Prospectus, after finalization of the Basis of Allotment in consultation with the
                               Designated Stock Exchange, following which the Board of Directors may Allot Equity
                               Shares to successful Bidders in the Issue.
Designated SCSB Branches       Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms (other than ASBA
                               Forms submitted by UPI applicants where the Application Amount will be blocked
                               upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by such UPI applicants using the UPI
                               Mechanism), a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at
                               http://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/home/list/5/33/0/0/ Recognized Intermediaries or at
                               such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.
Designated RTA Locations       Such locations of the RTAs where bidder can submit the Bid cum Application Forms
                               to RTAs. The details of such Designated RTA Locations, along with names and
                               contact details of the RTAs eligible to accept Bid cum Application Forms are available
                               on the websites of the Stock Exchange i.e. www.bseindia.com
Designated Intermediaries/     An SCSBs with whom the bank account to be blocked, is maintained, a syndicate
Collecting Agents              member (or sub-syndicate member), a Stockbroker registered with recognized Stock
                               Exchange, a Depository Participant, a registrar to an offer and share transfer agent
                               (RTA) (whose names is mentioned on website of the stock exchange as eligible for this
                               activity).
Depository Participant         A Depository Participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996.
Designated Stock Exchange      SME Platform of BSE Limited (“BSE SME”).
DP ID                          Depository Participant’s Identity Number.
Draft Abridged Prospectus      The memorandum dated May 15, 2026 containing such salient features of the Draft
                               Red Herring Prospectus as may be specified by SEBI in this regard
Draft      Red      Herring    The Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated May 15, 2026 issued in accordance with
Prospectus                     Section 26 & 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
Electronic Transfer of Funds   Refunds through NACH, NEFT, Direct Credit or RTGS as applicable.
Eligible NRI                   A Non-Resident Indian in a jurisdiction outside India where it is not unlawful to make
                               an offer or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom this Red Herring
                               Prospectus will constitute an invitation to subscribe for the Equity Shares.
Eligible QFIs                  QFIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an Issue or
                               invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Prospectus constitutes an
                               invitation to purchase the Equity Shares Issued thereby and who have opened demat
Terms                             Description
                                  accounts with SEBI registered qualified depositary participants.

Escrow Account(s)                 The account(s) to be opened with the Escrow Collection Bank and in whose favour the
                                  Anchor Investors will transfer money through NACH/direct credit/ NEFT/ RTGS in
                                  respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a Bid.
Escrow Collection Bank            The bank(s) with whom the Escrow Account(s) shall be opened for collection of Bid
                                  Amounts from Anchor Investors, in this case being Axis Bank Limited, and who have
                                  been appointed pursuant to the Public Issue Account Agreement in accordance with
                                  the SEBI ICDR Regulations
FII/ Foreign Institutional        Foreign Institutional Investor as defined under SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors)
Investors                         Regulations, 1995, as amended registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.
First Bidder/ Applicant/          Bidder(s) whose name shall be mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form or the
Bidders                           Revision Form and in case of joint bids, whose name shall also appear as the first
                                  holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names.
Floor Price                       The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision(s) thereto, at or above which
                                  the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be finalised and below which
                                  no Bids will be accepted.
Foreign Venture        Capital    Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Foreign
Investors                         Venture Capital Investor) Regulations, 2000.
Fraudulent Borrower               Fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1) (lll) of the SEBI (ICDR)
                                  Regulations.
FPI/Foreign           Portfolio   A Foreign Portfolio Investor who has been registered under Securities and Exchange
Investor                          Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014, provided that any FII
                                  or QFI who holds a valid certificate of registration shall be deemed to be a foreign
                                  portfolio investor till the expiry of the block of three years for which fees have been
                                  paid as per the SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended.
Fresh Issue                       The Fresh Issue of up to 24,99,600 Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹[●] Lakhs.
Fugitive Economic Offender        An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the
                                  Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.
General Corporate Purposes        Include such identified purposes for which no specific amount is allocated or any
                                  amount so specified towards general corporate purpose or any such purpose by
                                  whatever name called, in the Offer document. Provided that any issue related expenses
                                  shall not be considered as a part of general corporate purpose merely because no
                                  specific amount has been allocated for such expenses in the Offer document.
General       Information         The General Information Document for investing in public issues prepared and issued
Document (GID)                    in accordance with the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 dated
                                  March 17, 2020 and the UPI Circulars, as amended from time to time. The General
                                  Information Document shall be available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and
                                  the Book Running Lead Manager.
GIR Number                        General Index Registry Number
Individual           Bidders/     Individual Bidders who applies for minimum application size for two lots. Provided
Individual Investors              that the minimum application size shall be above ₹2,00,000 (including HUFs applying
                                  through their Karta and Eligible NRIs and does not include NRIs other than Eligible
                                  NRIs).
IPO/ Issue/ Issue Size/           The Initial Public Offer of up to 24,99,600 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each for
Public Issue/ Issue/ Offer        cash at a price of ₹[●] per Equity shares aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs
Individual Investor               The portion of the Issue being not less than 35% of the Net Issue, consisting of up to
Portion                           8,32,800 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each, available for allocation to Individual
                                  Bidders.
Issue Agreement                   The agreement dated March 24, 2026 amongst our Company and the Book Running
                                  Lead Manager, pursuant to which certain arrangements are agreed to in relation to the
                                  Issue.
Terms                        Description
Issue Closing                The date after which the Book Running Lead Manager, Syndicate Member, Designated
                             Branches of SCSBs and Registered Brokers will not accept any Application for this
                             Issue, which shall be notified in all editions of English national newspaper Financial
                             Express, all editions of Hindi national newspaper Jansatta and Telugu editions of
                             regional daily newspaper Nava Telangana where the registered office of the Company
                             is situated, each with wide circulation as required under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
Issue Document/      Offer   Issue/ Offer Document includes the Draft Red Herring Prospectus / this Red Herring
Document                     Prospectus /Prospectus.
Issue Opening                The date on which the Book Running Lead Manager, Syndicate Member, Designated
                             Branches of SCSBs and Registered Brokers shall start accepting Application for this
                             Issue, which shall be the date notified in all editions of English national newspaper
                             Financial Express, all editions of Hindi national newspaper Jansatta and Telugu
                             editions of regional daily newspaper Nava Telangana where the registered office of the
                             Company is situated, each with wide circulation as required under the SEBI (ICDR)
                             Regulations.
Issue Period                 The periods between the Issue Opening Date and the Issue Closing Date inclusive of
                             both days and during which prospective Applicants may submit their Bidding
                             application.
Issue Price                  ₹ [●] per Equity Share, the final price (within the Price Band) at which Equity Shares
                             will be Allotted to ASBA Bidders in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the
                             Prospectus. Equity Shares will be Allotted to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor
                             Issue Price in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. The Issue Price will be decided by
                             our Company, in consultation with the BRLM on the Pricing Date in accordance with
                             the Book Building Process and the Red Herring Prospectus.
Issue Proceeds               Proceeds to be raised by our Company through this Fresh Issue, for further details
                             please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue” beginning on page 101f
                             this Red Herring Prospectus.
Life Insurance Companies/    An insurance company registered with the Insurance Regulatory and Development
Insurance Companies          Authority of India (‘IRDAI’) under the Insurance Act, 1938, as amended, and carrying
                             on the business of life insurance in India.
Listing Agreement            The Equity Listing Agreement to be signed between our Company and BSE Limited.
Market Making Agreement      The Market Making Agreement dated September 07, 2026 between our Company,
                             Book Running Lead Manager and Market Maker.
Market Maker                 The Market Maker to the Issue, in this case being Allwin Securities Limited.
Market Maker Reservation     The reserved portion of 1,26,000 Equity Shares of ₹10/- each at an Issue price of ₹ [●]
Portion                      each aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs to be subscribed by Market Maker in this Issue.
Mobile App(s)                The      mobile    applications   listed  on     the    website    of   SEBI      at
                             https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId
                             =43 or such other website as may be updated from time to time, which may be used by
                             IIs to submit Bids using the UPI Mechanism.
Monitoring Agency            Monitoring agency appointed pursuant to the Monitoring Agency Agreement, namely,
                             Brickworks Ratings India Private Limited.
Mutual Funds                 A mutual fund registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations,
                             1996, as amended from time to time.
Minimum          Promoters   Aggregate of 20% of the fully diluted post-Issue equity share capital of our Company
Contribution                 that is eligible to form part of the minimum promoters’ contribution, as required under
                             the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, held by our Promoter that shall be
                             locked-in for a period of three years from the date of Allotment.
NBFC                         Non-Banking Financial Company
Net Issue                    The Issue excluding the Market Maker Reservation Portion of 1,26,000 Equity Shares
                             of Face Value of ₹10/- each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹23,73,600 Equity Share
                             aggregating ₹[●] Lakhs by our Company.
Terms                          Description
Net Proceeds                   The proceeds from the Fresh Issue less the Issue related expenses applicable to the
                               Fresh Issue. For further information about use of the Issue Proceeds and the Issue
                               expenses, please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue” beginning on page
                               101 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Net QIB Portion                The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allocated to the
                               Anchor Investors.
Non-Institutional Applicant    All Applicants, including FPIs which are individuals, corporate bodies and family
/ Investors                    offices, that are not QIBs or IIs and who have Application for Equity Shares for an
                               amount of more than ₹ 2.00 Lakhs (but not including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs.)
Non-Institutional Portion      The portion of the Issue being not more than 15% of the Issue, consisting of up to
                               3,56,400 Equity Shares, which shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional
                               Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being
                               received at or above the Issue Price, out of which i) one third shall be reserved for
                               Bidders with Bids exceeding ₹ 2.00 lakhs up to ₹ 10.00 lakhs; and ii) two-thirds shall
                               be reserved for Bidders with Bids exceeding ₹ 10.00 lakhs.
                               Provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-categories specified in
                               clauses (i) or (ii), may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-category of Non-
                               Institutional Bidders.
Non-Resident                   A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes NRIs, FPIs and
                               FVCIs.
NPCI                           NPCI, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) initiative, is an umbrella organization for all
                               retail payments in India. It has been set up with the guidance and support of the
                               Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Indian Banks Association (IBA).
Pay-in-Period                  The period commencing on the Bid/Issue Opening date and extended till the closure of
                               the Anchor Investor Pay-in-Date.
Payment through electronic     Payment through NECS, NEFT or Direct Credit, as applicable.
transfer of funds
Person/Persons                 Any individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association, unincorporated
                               organization, body corporate, corporation, company, partnership, limited liability
                               company, joint venture, or trust or any other entity or organization validly constituted
                               and/or incorporated in the jurisdiction in which it exists and operates, as the context
                               requires.
Pension Fund(s)                A pension fund regulated by the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority
                               ('PFRDA') under the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 2013,
                               as amended.
Price Band                     Price Band of a minimum price (Floor Price) of ₹[●] and the maximum price (Cap
                               Price) of ₹[●]. The Price Band will be decided by our Company in consultation with
                               the BRLM and advertised in all editions of English national newspaper Financial
                               Express, all editions of Hindi national newspaper Jansatta and Telugu editions of
                               regional daily newspaper Nava Telangana where the registered office of the Company
                               is situated, wide circulation at least two working days prior to the Bid / Issue Opening
                               Date.
Prospectus                     The Prospectus to be filed with the RoC in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013,
                               and the SEBI ICDR Regulations containing, inter alia, the Issue Price that is
                               determined at the end of the Book Building Process, the size of the Issue and certain
                               other information, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.
Public Financial Institution   A public financial institution as defined under Section 2(72) of the Companies Act,
                               2013.
Public Issue Account           An Account of the Company under Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013 where the
                               funds shall be transferred by the SCSBs from bank accounts of the ASBA Investors.
Public   Issue       Account   Agreement to be entered into by our Company, the Registrar to the Issue, the Book
Agreement                      Running Lead Manager, and the Public Issue Bank/ Bankers to the Issue for collection
Terms                             Description
                                  of the Application Amounts.
Pricing Date                      The date on which our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead
                                  Manager, will finalize the Issue Price.
Qualified         Institutional   The qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the SEBI
Buyers / QIBs                     ICDR Regulations.
QIB Portion                       The portion of the Net Issue (including the Anchor Investor Portion) being not more
                                  than 50% of the Net Issue, consisting of 4,74,000 Equity Shares aggregating to ₹[●]
                                  Lakhs which shall be Allotted to QIBs (including Anchor Investors) on a proportionate
                                  basis, including the Anchor Investor Portion (in which allocation shall be on a
                                  discretionary basis, as determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLM),
                                  subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price or Anchor Investor
                                  Issue Price (for Anchor Investors).
Red                   Herring     This Red Herring Prospectus dated September 15, 2026 issued in accordance with
Prospectus/RHP                    Section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the provisions of the SEBI ICDR
                                  Regulations, which does not have complete particulars of the price at which the Equity
                                  Shares will be issued and the size of the Issue, including any addenda or corrigenda
                                  thereto.
Registered Brokers                Stockbrokers registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India
                                  (Stock Brokers) Regulations, 1992 and the stock exchanges having nationwide
                                  terminals, other than the Members of the Syndicate and having terminals at any of the
                                  Broker Centres and eligible to procure Applications in terms of Circular no.
                                  SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-POD2/I/4518/2026 dated February 09, 2026 and the
                                  UPI Circulars issued by SEBI.
Refund Account                    The ‘no-lien’ and ‘non-interest bearing’ account opened with the Refund Bank, from
                                  which refunds, if any, of the whole or part, of the Bid Amount to the Anchor Investors
                                  shall be made.
Refund Bank(s)        /Refund     Bank(s) which is / are clearing member(s) and registered with the SEBI as Bankers to
Banker(s)                         the Issue at which the Refund Accounts will be opened in case listing of the Equity
                                  Shares does not occur, in this case being Axis Bank Limited.
Registrar Agreement               The agreement dated March 17, 2026 among our Company and the Registrar to the
                                  Issue in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to the Issue
                                  pertaining to the Issue.
Registrar/Registrar to the        Registrar to the Issue being KFIN Technologies Limited.
Issue and/or Share Transfer
Agent.
Regulations                       Unless the context specifies something else, this means the SEBI (Issue of Capital and
                                  Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018.
Revision Form                     Form used by the Bidders to modify the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Bid
                                  Amount in any of their Bid cum Application Forms or any previous Revision Form(s),
                                  as applicable. Any of the Bidders are not allowed to withdraw or lower their Bids (in
                                  terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage.
Reserved            Category/     Categories of persons eligible for making bid under reservation portion.
Categories
Reservation Portion               The portion of the Issue reserved for category of eligible bidders as provided under the
                                  SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time.
SEBI SCORES                       Securities and Exchange Board of India Complaints Redress System.
SEBI Master Circular              The SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-POD2/I/4518/2026 dated
                                  February 09, 2026
Securities laws                   Refers to the Act, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Depositories
                                  Act, 1996 and the rules and regulations made thereunder and the general or special
                                  orders, guidelines or circulars made or issued by the Board thereunder and the
                                  provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any previous company law and any
Terms                           Description
                                subordinate legislation framed thereunder, which are administered by the Board.

Self-Certified   Syndicate      The banks registered with SEBI, offering services in relation to ASBA (other than
Bank(s) or SCSB(s)              through UPI Mechanism), a list of which is available on the website of SEBI
                                at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=34
                                or www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=35
                                , as applicable, or such other website as updated from time to time, and (ii) The banks
                                registered with SEBI, enabled for UPI Mechanism, a list of which is Available on the
                                website                         of                       SEBI                        at
                                www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=4 or
                                such other website as updated from time to time.
SME Exchange                    “SME Exchange” means a trading platform of a recognized stock exchange having
                                nationwide trading terminals permitted by the SEBI to list the specified securities
                                issued in accordance with Chapter IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and includes a
                                stock exchange granted recognition for this purpose but does not include the Main
                                Board.
Specified Locations             Bidding centres where the Syndicate shall accept ASBA Forms from Applicants, a list
                                of which will be included in the Application Form.
Sponsor Bank                    The Bankers to the Issue registered with SEBI and appointed by our Company to act as
                                a conduit between the Stock Exchanges and the NPCL in order to push the mandate
                                collect requests and / or payment instructions of the Individual Bidders into the UPI
                                and carry out other responsibilities, in terms of the UPI Circulars, being Axis Bank
                                Limited.
Stock Exchange                  BSE Limited
Syndicate or the members of     “Syndicate Member” means the intermediaries registered with SEBI who are permitted
the Syndicate                   to carry out activities as an underwriter, in this case being Allwin SecuritiesLimited,
                                appointed pursuant to the Syndicate Agreement.
Syndicate Agreement             The agreement dated September 7, 2026 entered into amongst our Company, the Book
                                Running Lead Manager, and the Syndicate Member in relation to the collection of Bids
                                in this Issue.
Systemically Important          Systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under Regulation
Non- Banking Financial          2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Companies
Transaction      Registration   The slip or document issued by a member of the Syndicate or an SCSB (only on
Slip/ TRS                       demand), as the case may be, to the bidders, as proof of registration of the bid.
Underwriter                     Nirbhay Capital Services Private Limited.

Underwriting Agreement          The Agreement entered into between the Underwriter and our Company dated
                                September 7, 2026.
UPI                             Unified Payment Interface, which is an instant payment mechanism, developed by
                                NPCI.
UPI Bidders(s)                  Collectively, individual investors applying as (i) Individual Bidders in the Individual
                                Investor Portion, and (ii) Non- Institutional Bidders with an application size of up to
                                ₹5.00 Lakhs in the Non-Institutional Portion, and Bidding under the UPI Mechanism
                                through ASBA Form(s) submitted with Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers,
                                Collecting Depository Participants and Registrar and Share Transfer Agents.

                                Pursuant to SEBI ICDR Master circular, all individual investors applying in public
                                issues where the application amount is up to ₹5.00 Lakhs shall use UPI and shall
                                provide their UPI ID in the application form submitted with: (i) a syndicate member,
                                (ii) a stock broker registered with a recognized stock exchange (whose name is
                                mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), (iii) a
                                depository participant (whose name is mentioned on the websites of the stock
Terms                        Description
                             exchange as eligible for such activity), and (iv) a registrar to an issue and share transfer
                             agent (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for
                             such activity).
UPI Circulars                SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 (to the
                             extent such circular is not rescinded by the SEBI RTA Master Circular, as applicable
                             to RTA), SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31,
                             2021, SEBI RTA Master Circular (to the extent that it pertains to the UPI Mechanism),
                             SEBI ICDR Master Circular, along with the circulars issued by the Stock Exchanges in
                             this regard, including the circular issued by the NSE having reference no. 25/2022
                             dated August 3, 2022, and the circular issued by BSE having reference no. 20220803-
                             40 dated August 3, 2022 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI
                             or the Stock Exchanges in this regard.
UPI ID      Linked    Bank   Account of the Individual Investor, applying in the Issue using the UPI mechanism,
Account                      which will be blocked upon accepting the UPI mandate to the extent of the appropriate
                             application amount and subsequent debit of funds in the case of allotment.
UPI ID                       ID created on UPI for single-window mobile payment system developed by the NPCI.
UPI Mandate Request          A request (intimating the Individual Bidder by way of a notification on the Mobile
                             App and by way of a SMS directing the Individual Bidder to such Mobile App) to the
                             Individual Bidder initiated by the Sponsor Bank to authorize blocking of funds on the
                             Mobile App equivalent to Bid Amount and Subsequent debit of funds in case of
                             Allotment.
UPI Mechanism                The bidding mechanism that may be used by a IIs to make a Bid in the Issue in
                             accordance with the UPI Circulars.
UPI PIN                      Password to authenticate UPI transactions.
Wilful Defaulter             Wilful defaulter as defined under Regulation 2(1) (lll) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

Working Day(s)               All days on which commercial banks in Hyderabad, Telangana and Mumbai,
                             Maharashtra, India are open for business, provided however, for the purpose of
                             announcement of the Price Band and the Bid/Issue Period, “Working Day” shall mean
                             all days, excluding all Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays on which commercial
                             banks in Hyderabad, Telangana and Mumbai, Maharashtra, India are open for business
                             and the time period between the Bid/Issue Closing Date and listing of the Equity
                             Shares on the Stock Exchanges, “Working Day” shall mean all trading days of the
                             Stock Exchanges excluding Sundays and bank holidays in India in accordance with
                             circulars issued by SEBI, including UPI Circulars.
