THIS IS A PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A PROSPECTUS ANNOUNCEMENT AND DOES
NOT CONSTITUTE AN INVITATION OR OFFER TO ACQUIRE, PURCHASE OR SUBSCRIBE TO SECURITIES. NOT FOR RELEASE,
PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OUTSIDE INDIA. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERINGS OF EQUITY SHARES ON
THE SME PLATFORM OF BSE IN COMPLIANCE WITH CHAPTER IX OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (ISSUE OF
CAPITAL AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2018, AS AMENDED (THE “SEBI ICDR REGULATIONS).

                                         ADDENDUM TO THE DRAFT RED HERRING PROSPECTUS DATED MAY 15, 2026




(Scan this QR code to view this Addendum)




                                                               HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                                                         (Formerly Known as Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited)
                                                                       CIN: U24110TG2022PLC163732

Our Company was originally incorporated and registered as a private limited company under the Companies Act, 2013 under the name of ‘Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited’ on June 16, 2022
bearing Corporate Identification Number U24110TG2022PTC163732 Issued by the Registrar of Companies, Central Registration Centre. Thereafter, our Company was converted into a public limited company
pursuant to a special resolution passed by our members at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on November 28, 2025 and consequently the name of our Company was changed to ‘Himalaya Nutravedics
India Limited’. A fresh certificate of incorporation consequent upon conversion from private limited company to public limited company dated December 12, 2025, was issued by Registrar of Companies,
Central Processing Centre bearing Corporate Identification Number U24110TG2022PLC163732. For details of incorporation and change in the name of our Company, please refer to the chapter titled “History
and Corporate Structure” beginning on page 202 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

               Registered and Corporate Office: Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park, Cherlapally, Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal, Hyderabad – 500051, Telangana, India;
                                             Telephone: +91 9063498493; Website: www.himalayanutravedics.com; E-mail: info@himalayanutravedics.com;
                                                Contact Person: Pooja Biyani (Company Secretary and Compliance Officer); CIN: U24110TG2022PLC163732
                                  PROMOTERS OF OUR COMPANY– ROHIT ASAWA, DIVYA ASAWA, CHANDA ASAWA AND RAMA RAJU PENMATSA
                                           ADDENDUM TO THE DRAFT RED HERRING PROSPECTUS DATED MAY 15, 2026: NOTICE TO INVESTORS
                                                                                               (“THE ADDENDUM”)
 INITIAL PUBLIC ISSUE OF UPTO 25,00,000 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹10/- EACH (“EQUITY SHARES”) OF THE COMPANY AT AN ISSUE PRICE OF ₹[●] PER
 EQUITY SHARE (INCLUDING A SHARE PREMIUM OF ₹ [●] PER EQUITY SHARE) FOR CASH, AGGREGATING UP TO ₹ [●] LAKHS (“PUBLIC ISSUE”), OUT OF WHICH [●]
 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹10/- EACH, AT AN ISSUE PRICE OF ₹[●] PER EQUITY SHARE FOR CASH, AGGREGATING ₹[●] LAKHS WILL BE RESERVED FOR
 SUBSCRIPTION BY THE MARKET MAKER TO THE ISSUE (THE “MARKET MAKER RESERVATION PORTION”). THE PUBLIC ISSUE LESS MARKET MAKER RESERVATION
 PORTION I.E. ISSUE OF [●] EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹ 10 EACH, AT AN ISSUE PRICE OF ₹[●] PER EQUITY SHARE FOR CASH, AGGREGATING UP TO ₹[●] LAKHS
 IS HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS THE “NET ISSUE”. THE PUBLIC ISSUE AND NET ISSUE WILL CONSTITUTE [●]% AND [●]% RESPECTIVELY OF THE POST- ISSUE PAID-
 UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL OF OUR COMPANY.
 Potential Investors may note the following:
 Definitions & Abbreviations, Risk Factors, Capital Structure, Objects of the Issue, Business Overview, Management, Management Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
 Outstanding Litigations and Material Development, Government and Other Approvals and Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures.
 The above is to be read in conjunction with Draft Red Herring Prospectus and accordingly their references in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus stand amended pursuant to this Addendum. Please note that
 the changes pursuant to this Addendum will be appropriately included in the Red Herring Prospectus as and when filed with the RoC, the SEBI and the Stock Exchange. All capitalized terms used in this
 Addendum shall, unless the context requires, have the meaning ascribed to them in Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
 Place: Hyderabad, Telangana                                                                             For and on behalf of Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited
                                                                                                         Sd/-
 Date: July 22, 2026                                                                                     Pooja Biyani
                                                                                                         Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
                      BOOK RUNNING LEAD MANAGER TO THE ISSUE                                                                              REGISTRAR TO THE ISSUE




                  NIRBHAY CAPITAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED                                                                     KFIN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
  Address: 201, Maruti Crystal, Opposite Rajpath Club, S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380054, Address: 301, The Centrium, 3rd Floor, 57, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road, Nav Pada, Kurla (West), Mumbai-
  Gujarat, India                                                                               400070, Maharashtra, India.
  Tel No.: +91 7948970649                                                                      Tel No.: +91-40 6716 2222
  Email: kunjal@nirbhaycapital.com                                                             Email: himalaya.ipo@kfintech.com
  Investor Grievance ID: ipo@nirbhaycapital.com                                                Investor Grievance ID: einward.ris@kfintech.com
  Website: www.nirbhaycapital.com                                                              Website: www.kfintech.com
  Contact Person: Kunjal Soni                                                                  Contact Person: M Murali Krishna
  SEBI Registration No: INM000011393                                                           SEBI Registration No.: INR000000221
  CIN: U67120GJ2006PTC047985                                                                   CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072
                                                                                          BID/ISSUE PERIOD
       ANCHOR INVESTOR BID/ISSUE PERIOD: [●]*                                     BID/ISSUE OPENS ON: [●]*                                         BID/ISSUE CLOSES ON: [●]**^
*The Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, consider participation by Anchor Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period
shall be one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date.
**Our Company may in consultation with the BRLM, consider closing the Issue Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Issue Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
^UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5:00 pm on the Issue Closing Date.
(This page is intentionally kept left blank)




                     2
                                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECTION I – GENERAL .................................................................................................................................... 4
     DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS ............................................................................................... 4
SECTION II- RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................... 5
SECTION III – INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................................... 16
     CAPITAL STRUCTURE ....................................................................................................................... 16
     OBJECTS OF THE ISSUE .................................................................................................................... 21
SECTION IV – ABOUT THE COMPANY ..................................................................................................... 29
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW ........................................................................................................................ 29
     MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................... 32
SECTION V – FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY .......................................................... 34
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND
     RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ............................................................................................................... 34
SECTION VI – LEGAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ............................................................................. 37
     OUTSTANDING LITIGATIONS AND MATERIAL DEVELOPMENT ......................................... 37
     GOVERNMENT AND OTHER APPROVALS ................................................................................... 38
     OTHER REGULATORY AND STATUTORY DISCLOSURES ....................................................... 39




                                                                            3
                                        SECTION I – GENERAL
                                 DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS

Note: The disclosures in the Chapter “Definitions and Abbreviations” beginning on page 2 of the Draft Red
Herring Prospectus dated May 15, 2026, shall be updated, as applicable, with the below mentioned information
in the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus:

ISSUE RELATED TERMS

 Working Day(s)                  All days on which commercial banks in Hyderabad, Telangana and Mumbai,
                                 Maharashtra, India are open for business, provided however, for the purpose
                                 of announcement of the Price Band and the Bid/Issue Period, “Working Day”
                                 shall mean all days, excluding all Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays on
                                 which commercial banks in Hyderabad, Telangana and Mumbai,
                                 Maharashtra, India are open for business and the time period between the
                                 Bid/Issue Closing Date and listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock
                                 Exchanges, “Working Day” shall mean all trading days of the Stock
                                 Exchanges excluding Sundays and bank holidays in India in accordance with
                                 circulars issued by SEBI, including UPI Circulars.




                       (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                     4
                                              SECTION II- RISK FACTORS
     Note: The Risk Factors beginning on page 26 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated May 15, 2026, have
     been revised, modified, renumbered, and rearranged to reflect the Company’s assessment of their materiality, in
     line with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. These changes have been undertaken with respect to both the internal
     risk factors and external risk factors.

     INTERNAL RISK FACTORS

     Existing Risk Factor No. 23 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 1

1.   We may be unable to sufficiently obtain, maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property and other
     proprietary rights.

     We regard our trademarks, domain names, trade secrets, technologies and similar intellectual property as critical
     to our success. For details on our intellectual property, refer to the chapter titled “Business Overview – Intellectual
     Property” beginning on page 188 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring
     Prospectus, our Company has applied for the following trademark with the Registrar of Trademarks under the
     Trademarks Act, 1999:

      Description/Logo        Wordmark             Class      Application Number         Date           of     Current
                                                                                         Application           Status
                              Himalaya             05         5640519                    October 08, 2022      Opposed*
                              Nutravedics-
                              SUPPLEMENTS
                              THAT HEAL


      -                     Himalaya            05       5640476                 October 08, 2022 Opposed#
                            Nutravedics
     *An opposition has been filed against our trademark on November 14, 2024, and we have duly submitted our
     counter-statement on February 05, 2025, however, the opposition proceedings are currently pending.
     #
       An opposition has been filed against our trademark on September 03, 2024, and we have duly submitted our
     counter-statement on November 29, 2024; however, the opposition proceedings are currently pending.

     Our trademark applications listed above are currently opposed before the Registrar of Trademarks. Such
     opposition proceedings may result in delays in registration or refusal of registration of the relevant trademarks,
     and there can be no assurance that such proceedings will be resolved in our favour. Any adverse outcome in such
     proceedings may require us to modify, replace, or discontinue the use of the relevant trademarks, which could
     adversely affect the recognition, reputation and goodwill of our products. Any failure to obtain, maintain or renew
     the registration of our trademarks, or to effectively enforce our intellectual property rights, may adversely affect
     our ability to protect our reputation and goodwill. Further, even in respect of registered trademarks, third parties
     may infringe, misuse or adopt deceptively similar marks in India or abroad. We may not be able to promptly detect
     such unauthorised use or take timely and effective steps to enforce our rights, and the remedies available to us
     may be limited, time-consuming or costly.

     Further, pending conclusion of the opposition proceedings, the Company has undertaken that no fresh packing
     material bearing the opposed trademark/logo shall be procured and no fresh packing using the opposed trademark
     shall be undertaken after the existing finished goods and corresponding packing material are exhausted.
     Considering the Company's diverse product portfolio comprising more than 100 products marketed across
     multiple stock keeping units (SKUs), the existing inventory of finished goods and printed packing material,
     product shelf life, sales velocity and its distribution network across 17 States, the Company expects to complete
     the phased liquidation of the existing inventory bearing the opposed trademark and exhaust the corresponding
     packing material within six months, or earlier to the extent commercially feasible. Upon completion of such
     transition, all subsequent manufacturing and packaging shall be undertaken without the opposed trademark unless
     the opposition proceedings are resolved in favour of the Company prior thereto.

     The trademark opposition pertains only to the Company's existing corporate logo and word mark and does not
     relate to the individual product names marketed by the Company. Accordingly, upon completion of liquidation of


                                                               5
     the existing inventory bearing the current logo, the Company shall continue to manufacture and market its products
     under their respective product names, which are distinct from the Company's corporate logo and are approved
     under the applicable AYUSH and/or FSSAI licences, as the case may be. The name "Himalaya Nutravedics" is
     used only as the Company's corporate name and not as a product name.

     In addition, our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate in all circumstances, and third-
     party claims in relation to our trademarks or other intellectual property may result in erosion of our business value,
     reputational harm and adverse impact on our operations. While we have not encountered any unauthorised use of
     our intellectual property during the Fiscals 2026, 2025, and 2024, we cannot assure you that such protection will
     be effective in the future. For further details on our intellectual properties, refer to the chapter titled “Government
     and Other Approvals” beginning on page 250 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

     Our Company confirms that it shall take all necessary steps to transition away from the use of the trademark
     applied for under the Opposed Applications, and shall continue to adhere to the transition commitments until such
     time as the Opposed Applications are registered in the name of the Company by the Trade Marks Registry upon
     conclusion of the opposition proceedings.

     Our Company has published a public announcement, dated July 22, 2026, in Financial Express, a widely circulated
     English national daily newspaper; in Jansatta, a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper; and in Nava
     Telangana, a Telugu daily newspaper (Telugu being the regional language of Telangana, where our Company's
     Registered and Corporate Office is located), clarifying that our Company is not associated with, affiliated to,
     connected with, sponsored by, endorsed by, or a part of any other company, business, group, or enterprise using
     the name ‘Himalaya’. Any similarity in the use of the word ‘Himalaya’ should not be construed as indicating any
     association, affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement, partnership, joint venture, or business relationship with any
     other entity.

     Existing Risk Factor No. 1 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 2

2.   We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the sale of products in the Ayurvedic products which
     constituted 94.57%, 92.09% and 79.27% of our revenue from operations for the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024,
     respectively. Any reduction in demand for these products could have an adverse effect on our business, results
     of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

     A significant portion of our revenue from operations is derived from the sale of Ayurvedic products, which
     accounted for 94.57%, 92.09% and 79.27% of our revenue from operations for the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024,
     respectively. Our Ayurvedic product portfolio is concentrated across multiple therapeutic areas including but not
     limited to pain management, infertility, women wellness, gut health, neurological support and general wellness.

     The table below sets forth the revenue generated by us from our sales of Ayurvedic products:

                                                                                        (₹ in Lakhs except for percentages)
      Particula         Approvals              Issuing              Fiscal 2026          Fiscal 2025        Fiscal 2024
      rs*                                     Authority          Amou Perce           Amou Perce         Amou Perce
                                                                 nt        nt of      nt        nt of nt           nt of
                                                                           reven                reven              reven
                                                                           ue                   ue                 ue
                                                                           from                 from               from
                                                                           operat               operat             operat
                                                                           ions                 ions               ions
                                                                           (%)                  (%)                (%)
      Ayurvedic        License to           Department of
      products       Manufacture for          AYUSH,
                                                                 4,072.                1,933.                1,143.
                        Sale of             Government of                   94.57                 92.09                 79.27
                                                                   92                    50                    46
                      Ayurvedics              Telangana
                         Drugs
      Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
     dated May 11, 2026.
     A small portion of our revenue is generated from sale and manufacture of nutraceutical products which constituted
     5.43%, 7.91% and 20.73% of our total revenue from operations for the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

                                                                  6
     Any reduction in demand or a temporary or permanent discontinuation of manufacturing of products in these
     therapeutic areas could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
     flows. Our revenue from sales of these products may decline as a result of increased market acceptance for our
     competitors’ products instead of ours, breakthroughs in the development of more effective or popular alternative
     products, regulatory action, pricing pressures or fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products. While
     there has not been any fluctuations in demand of our products during the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, any failure
     by us to effectively react to any such situation that may arise, could adversely affect our business, financial
     condition, results of operations and cash flows. For more details on our business operations, kindly refer to the
     chapter titled “Business Overview” beginning on page 164 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.



     Existing Risk Factor No. 4 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 5

5.   Our profitability may be adversely affected upon the expiry of tax benefits available under Section 80-IAC of
     the Income Tax Act, 1961, as applicable under the existing tax regime, and under Section 140 of the Income
     Tax Act, 2025, upon such new tax regime becoming effective.

     We have availed, or intend to avail, tax benefits under Section 80-IAC of the Income Tax Act, 1961, which
     provides a tax holiday for a specified period of three consecutive financial years, specifically covering Fiscal
     2025, Fiscal 2026, and Fiscal 2027. Based on our current business projections, this tax holiday benefit is available
     up to Fiscal 2027.

     While the expiry of this tax holiday benefit impacts the Company's income tax liability and is not expected to
     affect our revenue from operations, it will directly increase our post-tax financial obligations. If prevailing tax
     laws and rates continue to apply, upon the expiry of the Section 80-IAC benefit (and under Section 140 of the
     Income Tax Act, 2025, upon the new tax regime becoming effective), the Company may become subject to income
     tax at the applicable rate of approximately 25%, plus applicable surcharge and cess.

     Consequently, the Company will incur an incremental tax outflow, which is estimated to reduce our Profit After
     Tax ("PAT") by approximately 28% of the corresponding Profit Before Tax ("PBT"), assuming all other factors
     remain constant. This increased tax liability will result in a corresponding reduction in PAT and cash flows, and
     our current net margins may not be sustainable, which could materially and adversely affect our financial
     performance and results of operations.

     Existing Risk Factor No. 19 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 9

9. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse
    effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

     Our business depends on our estimate of the long-term demand for our products from our customers. If we
     underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our
     products, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of
     business. Any error in our forecast could result in surplus stock, which may not be sold in a timely manner.
     Further, the number of purchase orders that our customers place with us differ from quarter to quarter, which may
     cause our revenues, results of operations and cash flows to fluctuate. Further, our products have a shelf life of a
     specified number of years and if not sold prior to expiry, may lead to losses or if consumed after expiry, may lead
     to health hazards. The table below sets forth our total inventory and inventory turnover days as of the dates
     indicated:
                                                                                                            (₹ in Lakhs)
       Particulars                        Fiscal 2026            Fiscal 2025                  Fiscal 2024


       Total Inventory                      891.54                   328.41                       252.29
       Inventory turnover days#             85                       82                           83
     #Inventory turnover days are calculated as average inventory divided by cost of goods sold (COGS), multiplied by 365.

     Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect
     on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Additionally, we make decisions, such
     as determining the levels of business to pursue, setting production schedules, and allocating personnel and other

                                                                 7
     resources, based on our estimates of customer orders. Fluctuations in demand for our products and solutions can
     complicate production scheduling and lead to mismatches in production and capacity utilisation. Such
     mismatches, whether resulting in over or underutilisation of our manufacturing units, could adversely affect our
     business, operational results, and financial condition. We have not faced any instances of underutilisation or
     understocking of the inventories in the last three Fiscals which had an adverse effect on our business.

     Existing Risk Factor No. 28 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 10

10. Our business is subject to stringent and evolving labelling and regulatory requirements under applicable laws,
    including those administered by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India and the Ministry of AYUSH,
    and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business.

     Our Company is required to strictly comply with labelling, packaging, advertising and disclosure requirements
     prescribed under applicable laws and regulations governing Ayurvedic and health-related products in India,
     including those administered by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (“FSSAI”) and the Ministry of
     AYUSH. These requirements govern, among other matters, product composition disclosures, health and
     therapeutic claims, usage instructions, warnings and statutory declarations. Given the health-sensitive nature of
     the industry in which we operate, regulatory authorities may enhance or modify compliance standards, labelling
     norms, enforcement practices or interpretative guidance from time to time. Any failure to comply with applicable
     or amended requirements may result in regulatory action, including product recalls, suspension or cancellation of
     approvals, monetary penalties, restrictions on sale or distribution of our products, reputational harm and adverse
     impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

     Compliance with such requirements involves continuous monitoring of regulatory developments, interpretation
     of evolving standards and timely implementation of changes across our product portfolio. Any delay,
     misinterpretation or inadvertent non-compliance, including with respect to labelling content, marketing materials
     or product claims, could expose us to regulatory scrutiny or enforcement action. Further, increased regulatory
     oversight or inconsistent interpretation of applicable norms by authorities may increase our compliance costs and
     operational complexity and could adversely affect our business operations.

     While we have various measures in place, including dedicated regulatory and quality assurance teams, adherence
     to good manufacturing practices (“GMP”) and internal compliance checks of product labels, brochures and related
     materials, we cannot assure that we will be in continuous compliance with the applicable requirements. Any non-
     compliance may result in regulatory action against our Company, including issuance of notices, imposition of
     penalties, product recalls, suspension or cancellation of approvals or other adverse consequences, which could
     materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

     Existing Risk Factor No. 8 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 11

11. There are certain discrepancies/errors/delayed-filings which have occurred in some of our corporate secretarial
     records relating to forms filed with the RoC under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

     As a company, we are required to file various statutory forms and returns with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs
     (“MCA”) in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. In this regard, there have been certain
     instances of delay in filing forms with the Registrar of Companies (“RoC”), including Forms AOC-4, MGT-7,
     MGT-14, DPT-3, CHG-1, DIR-12, MSME Form I and SH-7. Such forms were subsequently filed upon payment
     of the prescribed additional fees. The details of the delayed filings are set out below:

                                                                                                              Delay
                                                                                             Date        of
      Form                                          Date of Event           Due Date                          (In
                                                                                             Filing
                                                                                                              Days)
      Form MGT-14                                        26-07-2022          25-08-2022       25-03-2026       1308
      Form AOC-4                                         30-09-2025          30-10-2025       15-11-2025        16
      Form MGT-14                                        03-01-2023          02-02-2023       10-02-2023         8
      Form SH-7                                          03-01-2023          02-02-2023       22-02-2023        20
      Form DPT-3                                         31-03-2025          30-06-2025       15-07-2025        15
      Form DPT-3                                         31-03-2023          30-06-2023       11-07-2023        11

                                                             8
                                                                                                              Delay
                                                                                              Date       of
     Form                                           Date of Event          Due Date                           (In
                                                                                              Filing
                                                                                                              Days)
     Form DIR-12                                        30-09-2025           30-10-2025        15-11-2025        16
     Form CHG-1                                         28-12-2023           27-01-2024        02-03-2024        35
     Form CHG-1                                         24-01-2024           23-02-2024        23-05-2024        90
     MSME Form I
                                                        31-03-2023           30-04-2023        24-01-2026       1000
     (half year ended 31-03-2023)
     MSME Form I
                                                        30-09-2023           31-10-2023        24-01-2026       816
     (half year ended 30-09-2023)
     MSME Form I
                                                        31-03-2024           30-04-2024        24-01-2026       634
     (half year ended 31-03-2024)
     MSME Form I
                                                        30-09-2024           31-10-2024        24-01-2026       450
     (half year ended 30-09-2024)
     MSME Form I
                                                        31-03-2025           30-04-2025        24-01-2026       269
     (half year ended 31-03-2025)

   Previously, the Company lacked adequate in-house expertise to manage compliance and regulatory secretarial
   filings. This limitation, coupled with intermittent technical difficulties, service outages, and portal issues on the
   Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) website during the critical filing windows, led to procedural oversight and
   subsequent delays in filing certain statutory forms and returns. However, the Company has now appointed a full-
   time Company Secretary, Ms. Pooja Biyani, who also acts as the Compliance Officer and is responsible for
   ensuring the timely preparation and filing of all statutory forms and returns with the RoC and other regulatory
   authorities.

   Further, in the past, the Company had converted unsecured convertible loans into equity shares allotted on March
   28, 2023. However, while filing the relevant forms, the said allotment was inadvertently disclosed as a rights issue
   in the board resolution approving the allotment as well as in Form PAS-3. Additionally, there have been certain
   inadvertent inconsistencies, typographical errors and clerical discrepancies relating to dates of meetings,
   disclosures in the Board’s Report and certain secretarial records.

   As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, no application for compounding or adjudication has been
   filed by the Company. Further, no statutory or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation
   to the aforesaid matters. However, we cannot assure you that any such action or proceeding will not be initiated
   against our Company in the future.

   Furthermore, any regulatory penalty, fine, or compounding fee, if imposed in the future in connection with these
   past non-compliances, shall be met entirely out of the internal accruals of the Company and no part of the Issue
   proceeds (including the amount earmarked for General Corporate Purposes) shall be utilized directly or indirectly
   for this purpose.

   Existing Risk Factor No. 9 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 12

12. Products returned by Stockists upon expiry may adversely affect our revenues, margins and inventory
    management.

   Under our arrangements with Stockists, unsold products are returnable upon expiry. Consequently, we are exposed
   to the risk of product returns, particularly in the event of over-supply, lower-than-expected demand, or
   inefficiencies in distribution planning. Such returns may result in increased inventory holding, potential write-
   offs, and additional handling and logistics costs. Further, a significant volume of expired product returns could
   adversely impact our revenues and profitability, as we may not be able to realize any value from such returned
   goods. The need to replace expired products or provide credit notes to Stockists may also affect our working
   capital requirements and cash flows. If we are unable to accurately forecast demand, manage inventory efficiently,
   or control the level of returns from Stockists, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
   materially and adversely affected.


                                                            9
      Our Company has implemented a structured inventory monitoring mechanism whereby it obtains periodic stock
      and sales statements from its stockists/distributors. This enables the Company to track inventory levels, monitor
      product movement and identify slow-moving or near-expiry stock in a timely manner. Based on such monitoring,
      the Company undertakes appropriate corrective actions, including redistribution, promotional initiatives or other
      inventory management measures, to mitigate the risk of accumulation of excess or expiry stock. Further, our
      Company has not experienced any material incidents of expired product returns that have had a material adverse
      effect on its business operations, revenues, profitability, cash flows or financial condition.



      Existing Risk Factor No. 11 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 14

14.   We have had negative cash flows from operating activities in the past and may, in the future, experience similar
      negative cash flows.

      We have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities for the Fiscal 2026, 2025 and 2024, primarily
      on account of our elevated working capital requirements. The primary drivers behind for the negative operating
      cash flows include:

      • Higher inventory holding levels: Maintained by the Company to support increased sales volumes, ensure
        uninterrupted product availability across markets, and to cater business growth.
      • Increase in trade receivables: Arising from higher sales volumes and the credit period extended to
        stockists/distributors in the ordinary course of business.
      • Increased scale of operations: Expansion of the Company’s marketing and distribution network resulting in
        overall higher working capital requirements.
      • Maturity and timing differences: Variations between the realization of receivables and required
        outlays/payments towards inventory procurement, manufacturing, and general operational expenses.

      The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows for the periods indicated below:
                                                                                                             (₹ in Lakhs)
                                                         Fiscal 2026              Fiscal 2025         Fiscal 2024
       Particulars
       Cash Flow from Operations                         (383.44)                 (139.11)            (55.10)

      Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially
      impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our business, financial
      condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

      Existing Risk Factor No. 12 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 15

 15. Any delay in payment of statutory dues by our Company in future, may result in the imposition of penalties and
     in turn may have an adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operation and
     cash flows.

      Our Company is required to pay certain statutory dues including provident fund contributions and employee state
      insurance contributions as indicated in the tables below for the periods indicated:

      Fiscal 2026:

       Nature of payment:                          Total Amount for       Total Number of         Delayed Fillings
                                                   the Period (₹ in       Return to be Filed
                                                   lakhs)
       Employee State Insurance                    0.84                   12                      NIL
       Gratuity                                    NIL                    NIL                     NIL
       Provident Fund                              30.44                  12                      NIL

                                                              10
 Professional Tax                               1.37                     12                        NIL
 Tax deducted at source on salary               2.67                     03                        01
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 11, 2026.
Fiscal 2025:

 Nature of payment:                             Total Amount for         Total Number of           Delayed Fillings
                                                the Period (₹ in         Return to be Filed
                                                lakhs)
 Employee State Insurance                       0.98                     12                        01
 Gratuity                                       NIL                      NIL                       NIL
 Provident Fund                                 32.45                    12                        01
 Professional Tax                               1.46                     12                        01
 Tax deducted at source on salary               5.44                     04                        NIL
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 11, 2026.
Fiscal 2024:

 Nature of payment:                             Total Amount for         Total Number of           Delayed      /   Non
                                                the Period (₹ in         Return to be Filed        Fillings
                                                lakhs)
 Employee State Insurance                       0.98                     12                        05
 Gratuity                                       NIL                      NIL                       NIL
 Provident Fund                                 28.68                    12                        03
 Professional Tax                               1.44                     12                        10
 Tax deducted at source on salary               5.60                     04                        NIL
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 11, 2026.


As on April 30, 2026, the total number of employees of the Company is 80. The statutory filings have been
undertaken for Employees' Provident Fund ("EPF") covering all 80 employees, consistent with the total employee
count, and Employees' State Insurance ("ESIC") covering 14 employees. The difference between ESIC coverage
of 14 employees and the total employee count of 80 employees is on account of certain employees not being
eligible for ESIC coverage basis the prescribed salary threshold, whereby employees drawing salary above the
prescribed limit are exempt from ESIC.


Certain delays in filing of returns and payment of Employees' Provident Fund ("EPF") contributions in respect of
past employees of the Company have been identified, as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The
Company has represented that the delays arose on account of procedural and administrative factors, including
challenges in collating employee-related data pertaining to erstwhile employees, and do not reflect any intentional
suppression or wilful default. The Issuer has made adequate provisions in the books of accounts in respect of the
outstanding EPF contribution liability approximately amounting to ₹9.96 lakhs as on March 31, 2026, as per the
Restated Audited Financial Statements.

No formal recovery proceedings, prosecution or show-cause notice has been initiated by the Employees' Provident
Fund Organisation ("EPFO") against the Company as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Any
outstanding EPF contributions, together with any interest and damages, if levied by the EPFO, shall be paid from
the internal accruals of the Company, and no portion of the IPO proceeds, including the amount allocated towards
General Corporate Purposes, shall be utilised for this purpose.

The identified delays and irregularities were primarily attributable to inadvertent procedural and administrative
lapses in the compliance process. The Company represents that such instances were not deliberate in nature.
Further, the Company has strengthened its compliance framework by enhancing internal monitoring mechanisms
and appointing an external professional agency to assist in the timely review, monitoring and compliance with
applicable labour law requirements, including EPF, EPFO and ESIC compliances, with a view to preventing

                                                            11
    recurrence of such instances in the future.

    Any regulatory penalty, if imposed in the future in connection with past non-compliances related to EPF and
    ESIC, shall be met out of the internal accruals of the Company. No part of the IPO proceeds, including the amount
    allocated for General Corporate Purposes, shall be utilised directly or indirectly for this purpose.

    As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, no application for compounding or adjudication has been
    filed by the Company.

    If we are unable to pay our statutory dues on time or in future, we could be subjected to penalties which could
    impact our financial condition and results of operations.

    Existing Risk Factor No. 17 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 20

20. Our manufacturing units are subject to periodic inspections and audits by regulatory authorities and our
    customers. Any manufacturing or quality control problems may subject us to regulatory action, damage our
    reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
    flows.

    As of March 31, 2026, our Company operates one manufacturing unit. We are required to comply with regulations
    and quality standards stipulated by such regulatory authorities. Our manufacturing units and products are subject
    to periodic inspections and audits by these regulatory authorities and certain of our customers.

    If we are not in compliance with the requirements prescribed by such authorities or terms stipulated in contracts
    with our customers, we may be subject to regulatory actions, including issuance of warning letters, imposition of
    sanctions, amendment or withdrawal of our existing approvals, product seizure, interruption of our operations, or
    claims resulting from non-compliance with contractual obligations. While there has been no such instance of
    regulatory action in the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, we cannot assure you that the same will not occur in the
    future.

    We may also be subject to product liability claims resulting from manufacturing defects or negligence in storage
    and handling of our products for the entire duration of the shelf life of the products. The existence, or threat of a
    major product liability claim could damage our reputation and affect customers’ views of our products. Product
    liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the defence against them, are costly. Any loss
    of our reputation or our image may lead to a loss of existing business contracts and affect our ability to enter into
    additional business contracts in the future, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
    financial condition and cash flows. Our manufacturing unit follows in-house quality control and quality assurance
    practices, including documented standard operating procedures for testing of raw materials, in-process quality
    checks, finished product testing, storage and batch release. These processes are implemented by trained personnel
    and are intended to ensure compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and contractual specifications.
    However, such practices may not be effective in all circumstances, and any failure in our quality control systems
    may result in regulatory action, product recalls, contractual claims or reputational harm.

    Further, our Company does not have a uniform indemnity arrangement across all customer arrangements and,
    accordingly, there is no single predetermined maximum indemnity amount applicable to all products
    manufactured by the Company. Any liability, if incurred, would depend upon the nature of the claim, the affected
    products or batches, contractual obligations, applicable legal provisions and the quantum of loss established by
    the claimant or determined by the relevant authority, court or tribunal. As such, our Company is presently unable
    to quantify a maximum potential indemnity exposure. Our Company mitigates such risks through established
    quality control and quality assurance systems, compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, documented
    manufacturing procedures and periodic product testing. Further, the Company has not received any material
    product liability claim, recall order or regulatory action relating to manufacturing defects during Fiscal 2026,
    Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal 2024.

    Added New Risk Factor No. 21



                                                             12
21. Certain of our third-party manufacturing customers may operate in the same product categories as our branded
    products business, which could give rise to potential conflicts of interest and may adversely affect our business.

     We manufacture Ayurvedic and nutraceutical products for third-party customers pursuant to contract
     manufacturing arrangements. Some of these customers may market products that compete directly or indirectly
     with our branded products in certain therapeutic or wellness categories. While our Company maintains appropriate
     confidentiality measures and undertakes manufacturing activities in accordance with contractual obligations, there
     can be no assurance that existing or prospective customers will not perceive our branded products business as
     competing with their interests. Such perceptions may affect our ability to retain existing customers or secure new
     contract manufacturing engagements. Further, any reduction in third-party manufacturing orders, termination of
     customer relationships, or restrictions imposed by customers due to perceived competitive concerns could
     adversely affect our revenues, manufacturing capacity utilisation, cash flows and results of operations.

     Existing Risk Factor No. 21 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 24

 24. Our Company experienced past delays in obtaining certain statutory environmental approvals. Any future delay
     or non-compliance with applicable environmental laws may expose us to regulatory actions, penalties, and
     operational restrictions.

     Our Company, incorporated in June 2022, is required to obtain statutory environmental approvals, including the
     Consent for Establishment ("CFE") and Consent for Operation ("CFO"), from the Telangana State Pollution
     Control Board ("TSPCB") within prescribed legal timelines. We experienced delays in obtaining these requisite
     approvals; however, we subsequently applied for and received the CFE on February 10, 2026, and the CFO on
     March 05, 2026. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, both the CFE and CFO are valid and
     subsisting.

     While no penalties, show-cause notices, prosecutions, or adverse regulatory proceedings are currently pending
     against the Company regarding this past delay, there can be no assurance that regulatory authorities will not initiate
     retroactive observations or actions in the future. Furthermore, we confirm that any penalty, fine, environmental
     compensation, settlement amount, or other liability that may be imposed by any regulatory authority in relation
     to this delay or related matters shall be met entirely from the Company's internal accruals or other legally
     permissible sources of funds, and shall not be funded from the Net Proceeds of the Issue (including amounts
     allocated for General Corporate Purposes).

     Under applicable environmental laws, any future failure to obtain, timely renew, or maintain requisite approvals
     may expose the Company to stringent regulatory actions by competent authorities. Such actions may include the
     issuance of statutory notices, imposition of monetary penalties or environmental compensation, suspension or
     cancellation of existing approvals, closure directions, structural restrictions on manufacturing operations, and
     criminal prosecution of the Company and its officers in default. The invocation of any such regulatory remedies
     could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial condition, and results of operations.

     Existing Risk Factor No. 31 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 32

32. We have incurred indebtedness and an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing
    agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

     As of April 30, 2026, we had total outstanding borrowings of ₹504.93 Lakhs, which are secured borrowings. As
     a part of financing agreements and/or arrangements, we are obligated to adhere to the repayment and other
     covenants. While we have not defaulted on any covenants in financing agreements in the past, we cannot assure
     you that this will continue to be the case in the future. A failure to observe the covenants under our financing
     arrangements or to obtain necessary waivers, constitute defaults under the relevant financing agreements and will
     entitle the respective lenders to declare a default against us and enforce remedies under the terms of the financing
     agreements. If the obligations under any of our financing documents are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a

                                                              13
      portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing
      the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. In addition,
      during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising, further
      financing. Further, the Company has obtained all requisite no-objection certificates and consents from its existing
      lenders, wherever required under the relevant financing documents, in connection with the proposed Issue. For
      details of our borrowings, please refer to the chapter titled “Statement of Financial Indebtedness” beginning on
      page 234 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

      Further, we are susceptible to changes in interest rates and the risks arising therefrom. Under certain of our
      financing agreements, the lenders are entitled to charge the applicable rate of interest, which is a combination of
      a base rate/MCLR rate that depends upon the policies of the RBI and a contractually agreed spread, and in the
      event of an adverse change in our Company’s credit risk rating. Further, in recent years, the GoI has taken
      measures to control inflation, which included tightening the monetary policy by raising interest rates. As such,
      any increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and
      financial condition.

      Existing Risk Factor No. 35 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 36

36. Our Company has acquired rights, title, and interest in certain trademarks pursuant to duly executed assignment
     deeds, uncertainty in approval of post-registration changes for assigned trademarks may adversely affect our
     rights and operations.

      Our Company has acquired the rights, title, and interest in certain trademarks pursuant to assignment deeds dated
      February 06, 2026. Specifically, we acquired the device marks “FOSGATE” (TM No. 3839706, Class 05),
      “CRANALL” (TM No. 3839703, Class 05), and “TAMSURAL-D” (TM No. 3839710, Class 05) from M/s Ameya
      Pharmaceuticals, and “RITEVEDA” (TM No. 5623859, Class 05) from an individual, Mr. Kakarlapudi Krishna
      Kiran. We clarify that the transactions with M/s Ameya Pharmaceuticals relate solely to the transfer of specific
      trademark rights and do not constitute an acquisition of the proprietorship firm or its business operations, which
      continue to remain with its proprietor.

      These assignment deeds have not been registered under the Registration Act, 1908. While the Company is of the
      view that compulsory registration under Section 17 of the Registration Act, 1908 primarily applies to immovable
      property and is not required for trademarks (which are intangible, movable property), regulatory or judicial
      authorities may take a contrary view.

      Pursuant to the Trade Marks Act, 1999, the Company has filed applications before the Trade Marks Registry to
      record itself as the subsequent proprietor of these marks, bearing application numbers 13777638 (FOSGATE),
      13777604 (CRANALL), 13777703 (TAMSURAL-D), and 13777753 (RITEVEDA). As on the date of this Draft
      Red Herring Prospectus, all these applications for post-registration changes are currently pending.

      These applications are subject to regulatory review, and there can be no assurance that the Registrar of Trademarks
      will approve them in a timely manner or at all. There exists a risk that our requests for change in ownership details
      may be objected to, delayed, or rejected due to procedural deficiencies, absolute grounds, or otherwise. In such
      an event, our Company may not be legally recognized as the registered proprietor of these trademarks. This could
      restrict our ability to use, commercialize, and enforce these brand assets, expose us to third-party infringement
      claims or ownership disputes, and materially and adversely affect our business, brand value, market reputation,
      financial condition, and results of operations.

      For further details on our intellectual properties, please refer to the chapter titled “Government and Other
      Approvals” beginning on page 250 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

      Existing Risk Factor No. 36 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 37



                                                               14
37. Our interactions with healthcare professionals are subject to strict ethical standards and regulatory
    requirements. Any actual or alleged failure to comply may result in regulatory action, monetary penalties,
    reputational harm, and an adverse impact on our business.

    Our business operations involve routine interactions with healthcare professionals ("HCPs") for the dissemination
    of product-related information, disease awareness, and scientific engagement activities. These interactions are
    subject to rigorous ethical standards, regulatory frameworks, and industry codes of conduct in India, which strictly
    regulate and restrict promotional conduct, gifts, incentives, inducements, and representations made to medical
    practitioners. In recent years, regulatory authorities have significantly increased scrutiny over marketing practices
    and financial or structural relationships between pharmaceutical/healthcare companies and HCPs.

    We confirm that during the last three Fiscals and up to the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, no material
    incidents, regulatory actions, penalties, investigations, complaints, or adverse proceedings have been initiated
    against the Company in relation to its interactions with healthcare professionals. Further, the Company has not
    experienced any material adverse impact on its business operations, reputation, or financial condition arising from
    such interactions during this period. While we follow compliant offline promotional practices—including
    participation in continuing medical education ("CME") programmes, organizing medical camps, conducting
    scientific discussions, and enforcing internal compliance guidelines for our field staff—we cannot assure you that
    these measures will prevent all instances of non-compliance or deviations by our employees, sales representatives,
    or third parties acting on our behalf.

    Any actual or alleged non-compliance with applicable ethical standards or internal policies could expose us to
    regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, statutory penalties, civil liability, or restrictions on our marketing
    and promotional activities. Furthermore, evolving regulatory expectations or stricter enforcement practices under
    the applicable laws may substantially increase our compliance burden and restrict the manner in which we engage
    with HCPs. This could hamper our marketing efforts, lead to severe adverse publicity or reputational harm, and
    materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition.

    Existing Risk Factor No. 46 shall be renumbered and updated as Risk Factor No. 47

47. Major fraud, system failures, theft, employee negligence or similar incidents could adversely impact the
    Company’s business.

    Our Company is vulnerable to risks arising from fraud, theft, employee negligence, unauthorised actions, system
    failures, information system disruptions, communication system failures and interception during transmission
    through external communication channels or networks. Any failure to prevent fraud or security breaches may
    adversely affect our operations and financial performance.

    We confirm that since our incorporation, no material incidents of fraud, theft, employee misconduct, or system
    failures have occurred that have adversely impacted the business, operations, financial condition, or reputation of
    the Company. Additionally, we confirm that there have been no major or material operational lapses or product
    liability incidents arising from the products manufactured or distributed by the Company since its inception.

    Our reputation could also be adversely affected by significant fraud or misconduct committed by our employees,
    agents, customers or third parties. Despite implementing measures and procedures intended to reduce such risks,
    there can be no assurance that we will completely avoid instances of fraud, theft, employee negligence, system
    failures or security lapses in the future. Any such occurrence could lead to financial losses and adversely affect
    our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we have not experienced any such material
    incidents in the past, we cannot assure that similar incidents will not occur in the future.




                              (The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank)



                                                             15
                                     SECTION III – INTRODUCTION
                                          CAPITAL STRUCTURE
Note: The disclosures in the Chapter “Capital Structure” beginning on page 80 of the Draft Red Herring
Prospectus dated May 15, 2026, shall be updated, as applicable, with the below mentioned information in the Red
Herring Prospectus and Prospectus:

CLASSES OF SHARES

1. History of Issued and Paid-Up Share Capital of our Company

a)   Equity Share Capital
The history of the Equity Share Capital of our Company is set forth below:

 Date    of    Reason/  Names      of No. of Cumulat               Cumulati      Face    Issue   Nature   of
 allotment     Nature   allotees         equity   ive No. of       ve paid-      value   price   Considerati
               of       along with shares         Equity           up Equity     per     per     on
               Allotme  the number allotte        Shares           Share         equit   equit
               nt       of     Equity d                            Capital       y       y
                        Shares                                                   shar    shar
                        allotted to                                              e       e
                        each allottee
 September Rights       2,45,000        4,90,000 5,00,000           50,00,000     10      10        Cash
 30, 2022  Issue in Equity Shares
           the ratio allotted       to
           of       49 Sneha
           (Forty-      Penmatsa,
           Nine)        1,45,000#
           Equity       Equity Shares
           Share for allotted       to
           every 1 Rohit Asawa
           (One)        and 1,00,000#
           Equity       Equity Shares
           Share        allotted    to
                        Divya Asawa
 March 24, Rights      5,45,000*        31,70,000 40,00,000        4,00,00,000    10      10        Cash
 2025      Issue in Equity Shares
           the ratio allotted       to
           of       37 Kakarlapudi
           (Thirty-    Krishna Kiran,
           Seven)      1,30,000
           Equity      Equity Shares
           Shares for to         Rohit
           every 5 Asawa,
           (Five)      9,00,000
           Equity      Equity Shares
           Shares      allotted     to
                       Divya Asawa
                       and
                       15,95,000*
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Chanda
                       Asawa
 February  Preferenti 9,735 Equity 2,04,485 42,04,485              420,44,850     10     113@       Cash
 05, 2026  al          Shares allotted
           Allotment to         Abhijit
                       Yenumulapalli
                       , 4,480 Equity
                       Shares allotted


                                                       16
Date    of   Reason/    Names      of    No. of    Cumulat      Cumulati    Face    Issue   Nature   of
allotment    Nature     allotees         equity    ive No. of   ve paid-    value   price   Considerati
             of         along with       shares    Equity       up Equity   per     per     on
             Allotme    the number       allotte   Shares       Share       equit   equit
             nt         of     Equity    d                      Capital     y       y
                        Shares                                              shar    shar
                        allotted to                                         e       e
                        each allottee
                       to      Anusha
                       Mohan, 4,425
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Aruna
                       Kamalakar,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to       Ashish
                       Kumar HUF,
                       8,850 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to      Deepak
                       Kumar
                       Mohanty, 885
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Donepudi
                       Raghavendra
                       Krishna
                       Koundinya,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to Hemanshiv
                       Goel, 6,195
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Indhumathi E,
                       8,850 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to        John
                       Samuel
                       Kennedy,
                       1,327 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to     Kaushik
                       Agarwal,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to     K     N
                       Lekkshme
                       Praba, 4,480
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Malathi, 8,850
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Mindscope
                       Advisors LLP,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to
                       Vankipuram


                                                   17
Date    of   Reason/    Names       of    No. of    Cumulat      Cumulati    Face    Issue   Nature   of
allotment    Nature     allotees          equity    ive No. of   ve paid-    value   price   Considerati
             of         along with        shares    Equity       up Equity   per     per     on
             Allotme    the number        allotte   Shares       Share       equit   equit
             nt         of     Equity     d                      Capital     y       y
                        Shares                                               shar    shar
                        allotted to                                          e       e
                        each allottee
                       Muralidaran,
                       4,480 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to            V
                       Nagalakshmi,
                       9,735 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to       Nikhil
                       Gupta Bojja,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to       Pankaj
                       Rathi, 1,327
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted      to
                       Paresh
                       Dakotiya,
                       1,770 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to        Priya
                       Agarwal,
                       54,757 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to PVE Asset
                       Services LLP,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to        Renu
                       Agarwal,
                       1,770 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to        Shaik
                       Mansoor Ali
                       Khan, 8,850
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted      to
                       Sparsh
                       Vijaywargiya,
                       1,770 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to           Sri
                       Gajkesari
                       Associates
                       LLP, 13,275
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted      to
                       Srinivas
                       Reddy
                       Gangula,
                       8,850 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to        Tarun
                       Kumar Mehta


                                                    18
 Date    of    Reason/        Names       of No. of Cumulat Cumulati Face Issue Nature                      of
 allotment     Nature         allotees        equity  ive No. of ve paid- value price Considerati
               of             along with shares       Equity      up Equity per         per      on
               Allotme        the number allotte      Shares      Share         equit equit
               nt             of     Equity d                     Capital       y       y
                              Shares                                            shar    shar
                              allotted to                                       e       e
                              each allottee
                             HUF, 8,850
                             Equity Shares
                             allotted      to
                             Thangavelu
                             Chellappan,
                             and      22,124
                             Equity Shares
                             allotted      to
                             Vinodh
                             Chelambathod
                             i.
#
  Mr. Devender Kumar, an existing shareholder, was offered 2,45,000 equity shares under the Rights Issue. Out of
this entitlement, he renounced 1,45,000 rights entitlements in favor of Mr. Rohit Asawa and 1,00,000 rights
entitlements in favor of Ms. Divya Asawa, to whom the corresponding equity shares were subsequently allotted
upon subscription.
*
  Prior to the Rights Issue dated March 24, 2025, Mr. Kakarlapudi Krishna Kiran acquired 95,000 equity shares
from Ms. Sneha Penmasta, and Mr. Chanda Asawa acquired 2,20,000 equity shares from Mr. Rohit Asawa, in
both instances via gift transfers. Consequently, as existing shareholders on the offer date, Mr. Kakarlapudi
Krishna Kiran and Mr. Chanda Asawa were entitled to participate in the Rights Issue in proportion to their
respective shareholdings.
@The issue price of ₹113 per equity share was determined based on the valuation report dated January 05, 2026

issued by Mr. Subodh Kumar, Registered Valuer (Registration No. IBBI/RV/05/2019/11705).

3.   Capital Build-up in respect of Shareholding of our Promoters:


 Date    of   Nature of      No.    of     Face  Issue    Nature of             Cumulative      % of       % of
 Allotment    acquisitio     Equity        value  price/  Considera             no.      of     the        the
 / Transfer   n              Shares        per    Transfe tion                  Equity          Pre-       Post-
              (Allotmen                    Equity r price                       Shares          Issue      Issue
              t/                           Share  per                                           Equity     Capita
              Acquired/                    (₹)    Equity                                        Share      l
              transfer)                           Share                                         Capital    (%)
                                                  (₹)                                           (%)*
                                              CHANDA ASAWA
 Septembe      Transfer      2,20,000      10     N.A.    Gift                  2,20,000        3.49       [●]
 r 05, 2024    of shares
               from
               Rohit
               Asawa
                                                 DIVYA ASAWA
 Septembe      Transfer      22,000        10       N.A.   Gift                 1,22,000        0.35       [●]
 r 05, 2024    of shares
               from
               Rohit
               Asawa
                                                  ROHIT ASAWA
 Septembe      Transfer      (22,000)      10       N.A.    Gift                2,88,000        (0.35)     [●]
 r 05, 2024    of shares
               to Divya
               Asawa



                                                      19
Date    of   Nature of      No.    of      Face      Issue        Nature of      Cumulative    % of      % of
Allotment    acquisitio     Equity         value     price/       Considera      no.      of   the       the
/ Transfer   n              Shares         per       Transfe      tion           Equity        Pre-      Post-
             (Allotmen                     Equity    r price                     Shares        Issue     Issue
             t/                            Share     per                                       Equity    Capita
             Acquired/                     (₹)       Equity                                    Share     l
             transfer)                               Share                                     Capital   (%)
                                                     (₹)                                       (%)*
Septembe     Transfer       (2,20,000)     10        N.A.         Gift           68,000        (3.49)    [●]
r 05, 2024   of shares
             to Chanda
             Asawa



                         (The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank)




                                                      20
                                                OBJECTS OF THE ISSUE
Note: The disclosures in the Chapter “Object of the Issue” beginning on page 99 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus
dated May 15, 2026, shall be updated, as applicable, with the below mentioned information in the Red Herring
Prospectus and Prospectus:

MEANS OF FINANCE
We intend to finance our Objects of the Issue through Issue Proceeds which are as follows:
                                                                                                                 (₹ In Lakhs)
 Sr.     Particulars                                Amount Required             Amount to be               Internal
 No.                                                                            utilized from IPO          Accruals /
                                                                                Proceeds                   Borrowings
         Funding      Working       Capital         Upto 3,267.97               Upto 1,375.00              Upto 1,892.97
   1.
         Requirements
         Investment in Branding, Digital            Upto 810.00                 Upto 750.00                Upto 60.00*
   2.
         Marketing and Sales Expansion
   3.    General Corporate Purposes                 [●]                         [●]                        [●]
                                          Total     [●]                         [●]                        [●]
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate dated
July 16, 2026.
* Internal accruals proposed to be utilised towards Investment in Branding, Digital Marketing and Sales Expansion, an amount
of Upto ₹60.00 Lakhs pertains to the Management Fee (Agency Retainer) payable to Divrit Consultancy Pvt Ltd.

The fund requirements set out for the aforesaid Objects are proposed to be met entirely from the Net Proceeds of the
Issue, internal accruals and existing debt financing. Accordingly, we confirm that there is no requirement for us to
make firm arrangements of finance under Regulation 230(1)(e) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations through verifiable
means towards at least 75% of the stated means of finance, excluding the amount to be raised through the Net Proceeds
and existing identifiable internal accruals.

In case of variations in the actual utilization of funds allocated for the purposes set forth above, increased fund
requirements for a particular purpose may be financed by surplus funds, if any, available in respect of the other
purposes for which funds are being raised in this Issue. If surplus funds are unavailable, the required financing will
be through our internal accruals and/or debt.

We may have to revise our fund requirements and deployment as a result of changes in commercial and other external
factors, which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling, revising or cancelling
the fund requirements and increasing or decreasing the fund requirements for a particular purpose from its fund
requirements mentioned, at the discretion of our management. In case of any shortfall or cost overruns, we intend to
meet our estimated expenditure from internal accruals and/or debt. In case of any such re-scheduling, it shall be made
by compliance of the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

As we operate in competitive environment, our Company may have to revise its business plan from time to time and
consequently our fund requirements may also change. Our Company’s historical expenditure may not be reflective of
our future expenditure plans. Our Company may have to revise its estimated costs, fund allocation and fund
requirements owing to various factors such as economic and business conditions, increased competition and other
external factors which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling or revising the
planned expenditure and funding requirements, including the expenditure for a particular purpose at the discretion of
the Company’s management. For further details on the risks involved in our business plans and executing our business
strategies, please refer section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page no. 5 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.




                                                               21
DETAILS OF UTILIZATION OF ISSUE PROCEEDS
1. Funding Working Capital Requirements

The Company operates a single integrated manufacturing facility in Hyderabad, Telangana, dedicated to producing
Ayurvedic and nutraceutical products. The facility is compliant with WHO-GMP standards and holds valid
registrations from AYUSH and FSSAI, along with certifications such as ISO 9001:2015, ISO 22000:2018, HACCP,
HALAL and KOSHER, reflecting its commitment to quality and safety. It supports multiple dosage forms including
soft and hard gelatin capsules, tablets, liquid orals and medicated oils, and includes dedicated areas for raw material
storage, production, quality control, finished goods storage and administration. All key manufacturing processes—
from formulation and production to quality checks, packaging and final release are conducted in-house, enabling
efficient operations, product consistency and flexibility to meet diverse therapeutic and customer requirements.

Net Working Capital requirement of our company as on March 31, 2026 on restated basis was ₹1,748.53 Lakhs as
against that of ₹685.93 Lakhs and ₹287.25 Lakhs as on March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 respectively.

The Net Working capital requirements is expected to be ₹2,194.21 Lakhs as on March 31, 2027 and ₹2,844.66 Lakhs
as on March 31, 2028. The Company will meet the requirement to the extent of ₹1,375.00 Lakhs from the Net Proceeds
of the Issue and balance from borrowings and internal accruals at an appropriate time as per the requirement.

Our Company proposes to utilise up to ₹1,375.00 Lakhs from the Net Proceeds towards funding its working capital
requirements in the ordinary course of business and to accelerate its strategic expansion into direct-to-consumer
("D2C") segments.

Our business is characterised by significant working capital intensity, which is inherent to the nature of our operations.
Historically, we have met our working capital needs through a combination of internal accruals and short-term
borrowings from banks and financial institutions. However, as we scale our operations and execute on our growth
strategy, particularly the transition from an exclusively B2B model to an integrated B2B and D2C model, our
incremental working capital requirements are expected to increase materially.

The proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds towards working capital is driven by the following strategic imperatives:

 • Business Expansion into D2C Channels: The shift into direct-to-consumer segments requires upfront
   investment in inventory, distribution infrastructure, and receivables management, necessitating a stronger
   working capital base, and
 • Revenue & Profitability Growth: The infusion of additional working capital is expected to directly support
   revenue growth and improve operating leverage, leading to enhanced profitability over the medium term.

The working capital requirement has been assessed based on our current scale of operations, projected business
growth, and the anticipated funding needs of our D2C expansion.

Our company has availed tax benefits under Section 80-IAC of the Income Tax Act, 1961, applicable to eligible start-
ups recognised by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade ("DPIIT"). As an eligible start-up, it
is entitled to avail such deduction for any three consecutive financial years out of its prescribed eligible period, and
has elected to avail the benefit commencing FY 2024-25. Accordingly, the Company has availed / proposes to avail
such benefit for FY 2024-25, FY 2025-26 and FY 2026-27, post which it shall cease to be eligible to claim the said
deduction.

Expected Business Growth:

The Revenue from Operations of the Company has grown from ₹1,442.56 lakhs in FY2024 to ₹2,099.65 lakhs in
FY2025 and further to ₹4,306.75 lakhs in FY2026, representing a CAGR of approximately 72.8% over the two-year
period, showing the historical growth. The company expects that business growth will be supported by Organic B2B


                                                           22
Growth and Existing Channel Expansion through multi-tier B2B distribution networks across 17 states including key
markets like Kerala, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, and Andhra Pradesh. Besides, the Company proposes to expand into the
Direct-to-Consumer segment through e-commerce marketplaces, quick commerce platforms, and its own proprietary
website, funded through the proposed investment of ₹750.00 lakhs from Issue proceeds towards branding, digital
marketing, and sales expansion. The D2C channel is expected to build consumer brand visibility and establish a direct
interface with end consumers. Also, the proposed infusion of ₹1,375.00 lakhs from Issue proceeds towards working
capital requirements will directly enable the Company to support higher inventory levels, receivable cycles across its
expanded distribution network, and fulfillment requirements of its D2C operations. The revenue projections have
been prepared by the management based on current scale of operations, distribution network expansion plans, and
anticipated D2C revenue contributions.

Justification on increase in working capital requirements and expected business growth:

The increase in the proposed working capital requirement is primarily driven by the Company's planned expansion
from its existing B2B business model to an integrated B2B and Direct-to-Consumer ("D2C") model. The Company
proposes to strengthen its presence in the D2C segment through its own branded products across e-commerce
marketplaces, quick commerce platforms and its own digital channels. This expansion is expected to require
significant investments in inventory, brand building, digital marketing and distribution infrastructure. The Company
also intends to expand its own-branded SKU portfolio, product listings across multiple platforms and enhance its
geographical reach, which is expected to support future growth and strengthen its market presence. These initiatives
are expected to increase the scale of operations and consequently the working capital deployed in the business. The
Company's projected growth has been formulated based on its historical operating performance, business model
characteristics and prevailing industry dynamics.

The Company's projected growth is supported by its demonstrated historical operating performance, established
execution capabilities and scalable business model. The Company has consistently expanded its operations and
revenue base, with revenue from operations increasing from ₹1,442.56 lakhs in Fiscal 2024 to ₹4,306.75 lakhs in
Fiscal 2026. Such growth reflects the Company's ability to effectively execute its business strategy, capitalize on
market opportunities and expand its operational footprint. Accordingly, management believes that the projected
growth assumptions are reasonable and supported by historical trends and business fundamentals.

The net working capital requirement is projected to increase from ₹1,748.53 lakhs as of March 31, 2026 to ₹2,194.21
Lakhs as on March 31, 2027 and ₹2,844.66 Lakhs as on March 31, 2028 during the period of deployment of IPO
proceeds. The increase is primarily attributable to higher inventory requirements to support expansion of own-branded
products, stocking requirements across multiple sales channels and fulfilment locations, and growth in trade
receivables arising from increased business volumes and platform settlement cycles. Accordingly, the projected
increase in working capital is a direct consequence of the Company's planned business expansion and growth strategy.

Justification on incremental working capital requirements:

The Company's working capital cycle reflects the operational requirements of its diversified sales channels comprising
traditional B2B distribution, e-commerce marketplaces and quick commerce platforms. Inventory levels are expected
to be maintained as the Company expands its portfolio of own-branded products and maintains adequate stock across
fulfilment centres and distribution partners to ensure product availability and timely order fulfilment. The inventory
cycle also factors in the need to maintain sufficient stocks of finished goods and packaging materials to support
anticipated growth in demand and geographical expansion. Trade receivable levels are expected to increase in line
with revenue growth, particularly considering the credit and settlement cycles associated with e-commerce and quick
commerce platforms as well as the Company's existing distribution network.

The projected working capital assumptions have been formulated based on historical trends, anticipated business
growth and operational requirements. Further, the Company follows a strategy of making advance or prompt payments
to key suppliers to strengthen supplier relationships, secure uninterrupted availability of products and raw materials


                                                         23
and obtain priority allocation during periods of increased demand. Management believes that the projected inventory
holding period, receivable cycle and payable cycle are reasonable, balanced and achievable under normal business
conditions and adequately support the Company's planned scale-up in operations.

The details of Company’s working capital as at March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 on the basis of
restated financial statements and expected working capital requirements for Fiscal 2027 & Fiscal 2028 are as set out
in the table below:

Existing Working Capital Requirements:
                                                                                                                (₹ in lakhs)
 Sr.      Particulars                                      Fiscal 2026             Fiscal 2025             Fiscal 2024
 No.                                                         Restated                Restated                Restated
 I        Current assets
          Inventories                                                891.55                  328.41                  252.29
          Trade receivables                                        1,058.69                  563.96                  155.26
          Short Term Loans & Advances                                  6.09                    7.45                   13.79
          Other Assets                                                68.74                    5.72                   11.67
          Total Current Assets (A)                                 2,025.07                  905.54                  433.01
 II       Current liabilities
          Trade payables                                              69.93                  128.17                   61.57
          Other Current Liabilities                                   53.88                   47.14                   64.74
          Short term provisions                                      152.74                   44.30                   19.45
          Total current liabilities (B)                              276.54                  219.61                  145.76
          Working capital (A – B)                                  1,748.53                  685.93                  287.25
 III      Sources of funds
          Short-term borrowings                                      459.16                  121.95                  106.08
          Internal Accruals                                        1,289.37                  563.98                  181.17
          Total Means of Finance                                   1,748.53                  685.93                  287.25
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated July 08, 2026.

Expected working capital requirements:

The estimated working capital requirements for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2027 and March 31, 2028 have
been prepared based on the management estimates of current and future financial performance. The projection has
been prepared using set of assumptions that include assumptions about future events and management’s action that
are not necessarily expected to occur.

On the basis of our existing working capital requirements and estimated working capital requirements, our Board has
approved the projected working capital requirements for Financial Year ended March 31, 2027 and March 31, 2028
with the assumptions and justifications for holding levels, and the proposed funding of such working capital
requirements, as set forth below. The balance portion of our working capital requirement, if any will be arranged from
existing equity, internal accruals, borrowings from banks, financial institutions.

Our company has presently availed a credit facility from The Cosmos Co-operative Bank Limited with a sanctioned
limit of ₹500.00 lakhs, of which ₹451.67 lakhs are currently utilized as on April 30, 2026.
                                                                                                    (₹ in lakhs)
  Sr.      Particulars                                                       Fiscal 2028       Fiscal 2027
  No.                                                                         Projected         Projected
  I        Current assets
           Inventories                                                                1,297.50           1,006.00
           Trade receivables                                                          1,742.00           1,384.00
           Short Term Loans & Advances                                                    7.36               6.69
           Other Assets                                                                 160.85              89.36
           Total Current Assets (A)                                                   3,207.72           2,486.06


                                                             24
 Sr.       Particulars                                                          Fiscal 2028               Fiscal 2027
 No.                                                                             Projected                 Projected
 II        Current liabilities
           Trade payables                                                                 260.00                    201.00
           Other Current Liabilities                                                       65.19                     59.26
           Short term provisions                                                           37.87                     31.59
           Total current liabilities (B)                                                  363.06                    291.85
           Working capital (A – B)                                                      2,844.66                  2,194.21
 III       Sources of funds
           Short term borrowings from banks                                               459.16                    459.16
           Internal accruals                                                            1,010.50                  1,235.04
           Net Working Capital Requirements                                             1,375.00                    500.00
           Amount proposed to be utilised from Issue proceeds                             875.00                    500.00
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated July 08, 2026.
Assumptions for our estimated working capital requirement:
                                                                                                              (in days)
 Particulars                   Holding            Holding            Holding            Holding            Holding
                                Levels             Levels             Levels             Levels             Levels
                              (March 31,         (March 31,         (March 31,         (March 31,         (March 31,
                                2028)              2027)              2026)              2025)              2024)
                               Projected          Projected          Restated            Restated           Restated
 Inventory                        90                 90                101                  80                 88
 Trade Receivables                94                 94                 90                  98                 39
 Trade Payables                   18                 18                 8                   31                 21
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated July 08, 2026.

Notes:
1. Inventory holding days are calculated by dividing 365 by the Inventory Turnover ratio. The Inventory Turnover
   ratio is calculated by dividing Cost of Goods Sold by Inventory for the fiscal ended.
2. Debtors' holding days are calculated by dividing 365 by the Trade Receivables Turnover ratio. The Trade
   Receivables Turnover ratio is calculated by dividing Revenue from Operations by Trade Receivables for the fiscal
   ended.
3. Creditors holding days are calculated by dividing 365 by the Trade Payables Turnover ratio. The Trade Payables
   Turnover ratio is calculated by dividing Cost of Goods Sold by Trade Payables for the fiscal ended.

The table below sets forth the key assumptions for working capital projections:

 Particulars             Assumption
 Inventory               Inventories of our Company comprise raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods.
                         Our Company had inventory holding days of 88, 80 and 101 days during the Financial Year
                         2023-24, 2024-25 and 2025-26 respectively. Inventory for Financial Year 2025-26 consist
                         of Raw Material amounting to ₹670 Lakhs, Work in Progress amounting to ₹158 Lakhs and
                         Finished Goods amounting to ₹64 Lakhs. Our Company estimates the inventory holding
                         period to be 90 days in Financial Year 2026-27 and 2027-28 respectively.
                         Our Company has been steadily growing its portfolio of own branded products, with the
                         share of branded products in its overall revenues increasing from approximately 20% in FY
                         2024–25 to approximately 50% in FY 2025–26, and is expected to increase further in the
                         coming years. As our Company continues to add new products across its Ayurvedic and
                         nutraceutical segments, the total number of active SKUs in its portfolio has increased
                         significantly. Unlike third-party or traded products, own branded products require our
                         Company to maintain ready finished goods inventory across all active SKUs at all times,
                         since stockouts on branded products directly impact brand reputation and customer
                         retention, particularly in Ayurvedic and nutraceutical industry.
                         Our Company is also expanding into new geographical territories as part of its growth
                         strategy, which requires it to scale up production and, correspondingly, raw material
                         procurement in advance of establishing a reliable supply presence in such regions. The

                                                            25
Particulars        Assumption
                   increase in inventory holding period in recent periods is primarily attributable to this build-
                   up in raw material stock to support the expanded branded SKU base, new geographies
                   entered, and to secure continuity of input supply for the Company's manufacturing
                   operations.
                   In addition to its existing B2B operations, our Company proposes to expand into the Direct-
                   to-Consumer ("D2C") segment through e-commerce marketplaces, quick commerce
                   platforms, and its own website. Sales through these channels require a fundamentally
                   different approach to inventory management as compared to the Company's existing B2B
                   trade. Unlike B2B orders, which are dispatched from a single central location, e-commerce
                   and quick commerce platforms require our Company to pre-position finished goods
                   inventory at their fulfilment centers and warehouses in advance, so that customer orders can
                   be dispatched and delivered within the committed timeframes. This requires our Company
                   to simultaneously maintain adequate stock across multiple locations, rather than at a single
                   central point, in order to be able to service orders received through such channels on a
                   consistent basis.
                   Our Company also intends to maintain inventory for promotional activities, product
                   sampling, and display purposes at retail outlets, exhibitions, and marketing events,
                   particularly as it builds consumer awareness for its branded products in new markets. While
                   this inventory does not immediately convert into sales, it is a necessary part of the
                   Company's go-to-market strategy for its D2C expansion.
                   Our Company continues to manage its inventory through structured demand forecasting,
                   production planning, and periodic stock reviews to ensure that inventory levels remain
                   optimised and the risk of dead stock or expiry is minimised. The inventory holding period
                   is therefore a planned outcome of our Company's growth strategy.
Trade Receivable   Trade receivables are amount owed to Company by customers following sale of goods on
                   credit. Our Company had Trade Receivable days of 39, 98 and 90 days in the Financial Year
                   2023-24, 2024-25 and 2025-26 respectively. Our Company estimates that the Trade
                   Receivables holding period will be 94 days in each of Financial Year 2026-27 and 2027-28.
                   Our Company supplies its products to super stockists, who thereafter distribute the products
                   through stockists to retailers. Given the multi-tier distribution model adopted by the
                   Company, coupled with the credit terms extended to its channel partners, there is an inherent
                   time gap between the date of invoicing and the actual receipt of payments. Accordingly,
                   trade receivables remain outstanding until the expiry of the agreed credit period and
                   subsequent realization of payments from the respective customers.
                   Our Company estimates that the Trade Receivables holding period will stabilise at 94 days
                   in each of Financial Year 2026-27 and 2027-28. This is expected to be driven by the
                   continued expansion of our Company's distribution network, including onboarding of new
                   super stockists, stockists, and retailers, which typically require a credit period to be
                   extended, particularly during the initial phase of a channel relationship, to support their
                   working capital requirements and encourage stocking of our Company's products.
                   Further, as our Company grows its D2C business through e-commerce and quick commerce
                   platforms, payments from these platforms are received only after accounting for delivery
                   confirmation, product returns, platform fees, and other deductions, in accordance with the
                   platform-defined settlement cycle. This makes the collection timeline on D2C sales longer
                   than on traditional distribution sales, and as D2C revenues grow as a proportion of overall
                   revenue, this is expected to contribute to the Company's overall receivable days.
                   Our Company has defined credit limits for its channel partners, monitors its receivables on
                   a regular basis, and has maintained a consistent collection track record, which is expected
                   to ensure that the Trade Receivables holding period remains within the planned and
                   manageable levels of approximately 90–95 days, consistent with the nature of our
                   Company's multi-tier distribution model and industry practice for companies operating in
                   similar segments.
Trade Payable      Trade payables are amount to be paid to suppliers by company following purchase of
                   materials and expenses. Our Company had trade payable days of 21, 31 and 8 days in the
                   Financial Year 2023-24, 2024-25 and 2025-26. Our Company estimates the trade payable
                   holding period to be 18 days in each of Financial Year 2026-27 and 2027-28.
                   A significant portion of our Company's raw material procurement comprises herbal and
                   botanical extracts, medicated oils, plant-based actives and vitamins, many of which are
                   sourced from suppliers who operate on prompt payment or advance payment terms. As is

                                                     26
 Particulars            Assumption
                        common in the ayurvedic and nutraceutical industry, suppliers of specialty or regulated
                        inputs typically do not extend long credit periods, and timely payment is a prerequisite for
                        securing consistent supply and priority allocation of materials.
                        As our Company scales its branded product portfolio and introduces new SKUs, ensuring
                        uninterrupted availability of the right raw materials at the right time becomes critical. Our
                        Company has consciously prioritised timely payment to its key suppliers to strengthen these
                        relationships, secure supply continuity, and avoid any disruption to its production schedules,
                        particularly given the higher inventory and order fulfilment commitments arising from its
                        D2C expansion and geographic growth.
                        The relatively low payable days therefore reflect a deliberate and commercially sound
                        approach to supplier management, where our Company trades a marginally higher working
                        capital requirement against the benefits of supply reliability, preferred vendor status, and
                        consistent material availability, all of which are essential to support its expanding
                        operations.
 Loans and              Loans and advances mainly include Advance to Creditors and Employees. Loans and
 Advances               advances are estimated based on previous years outstanding amount and for expected
                        Business requirement of company.
 Other Assets           Other Current Assets mainly includes TDS Receivables, GST Receivables and Prepaid
                        Expenses. Other Assets is estimated based on previous years outstanding amount and for
                        expected Business requirement of company.
 Other Liabilities      Other Liabilities mainly includes advance from customers, salary and wages payable, other
                        expenses payable and other statutory dues payable. Other liabilities are estimated based on
                        previous years outstanding amount and for expected Business requirement of company.
 Short-term             Short-term provisions mainly include Provision for Income Tax. Short-term provisions are
 provisions             estimated based on previous years outstanding amount and for expected Business
                        requirement of company.

2. Investment in Branding, Digital Marketing and Sales Expansion

Existing Business Model

The Company currently operates a B2B distribution model, supported by a well-established multi-tier network
comprising super stockists, distributors and healthcare practitioners. This network facilitates prescription-based
demand generation, ensures deep geographic market penetration and enables the Company to reach consumers across
urban and semi-urban markets through trusted intermediaries and healthcare professionals. The practitioner-driven
demand model has been a key competitive strength, enabling the Company to build credibility and trust for its products
through healthcare professional endorsement.

This model has been, and will continue to remain, a core pillar of the Company's commercial operations. The proposed
investment in digital marketing and D2C initiatives is accordingly not intended to replace or substitute the existing
B2B and practitioner-driven framework. Rather, these initiatives are designed to establish a complementary growth
vertical, with its own distinct consumer acquisition, marketing and fulfilment mechanisms, operating alongside the
existing distribution model and thereby supporting an integrated omni-channel approach to growth.

Company's products are presently sold through a multi-tier B2B distribution network comprising super stockists,
stockists, and retailers across 17 states including key markets like Kerala, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, and Andhra Pradesh.
The Company's current sales are distributed between both urban as well as semi urban markets. The Company's
proposed expansion into the Direct-to-Consumer segment through e-commerce and quick commerce platforms is
intended to deepen its reach in urban markets, as well as strengthen penetration in semi-urban and emerging markets.




                                                          27
We further submit that the marketing and promotion expenses incurred during preceding three years are as follows:
                                                                                                     (₹ in Lakhs)
                                                          For the Fiscal year ended
          Particulars                March 31, 2026            March 31, 2025              March 31, 2024
                                        Amount                     Amount                      Amount
 Marketing and Business                     179.18                        101.56                         118.99
 Promotion
 Total Revenue                             4,306.75                      2,099.65                        1,442.56
 % of Total Revenue                          4.16                          4.84                            8.25
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated June 16, 2026

Further the revenue of company includes revenue from third party manufacturing as well as own brand business,
while Marketing and Business Promotion expenses are incurred for own brand business based on that the Marketing
and Business Promotion as % of own brand business comes to 8.14%, 24.62% and 29.42% in FY26, FY25 and FY24
respectively.

SUMMARY OF VENDOR QUOTATION

 Particulars                      Name        of     Quotation Number          Date of        Validity      Amount
                                  Service                                      Proposal       Upto
                                  Provider
 Strategic advisory, media        Divrit             DIVRIT/HN/2026/018        July 08,       January       ₹750.00
 planning and performance         Consultancy                                  2026           07, 2027      Lakhs Pass –
 monitoring services along        Pvt Ltd                                                                   Through
 with      (i)    advertising,                                                                              Advertising
 promotional campaigns and                                                                                  and Media
 sponsored listings on e-                                                                                   Budget    &
 commerce        and     quick                                                                              ₹4.00 Lakhs
 commerce marketplaces;                                                                                     per month as
 (ii)            development,                                                                               Management
 enhancement               and                                                                              Fees
 optimisation       of      the                                                                             (Agency
 Company's         proprietary                                                                              Retainer)
 D2C website and digital
 infrastructure; and (iii)
 performance        marketing,
 digital advertising and
 customer          acquisition
 initiatives across platforms
Note: In addition to the amounts proposed to be utilised from the Net Proceeds as set out above, the Company shall
separately pay a Management Fee (Agency Retainer) of ₹4.00 Lakhs per month to Divrit Consultancy Pvt Ltd for the
aforesaid services, which shall be paid from the internal accruals of the Company and does not form part of the
estimated utilisation of Net Proceeds set out in this section.




                             (The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank)




                                                            28
                                    SECTION IV – ABOUT THE COMPANY
                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Note: The disclosures in the Chapter “Business Overview” beginning on page 164 of the Draft Red Herring
Prospectus dated May 15, 2026, shall be updated, as applicable, with the below mentioned information in the Red
Herring Prospectus and Prospectus:

OUR PRODUCTS

Our Company’s product portfolio comprises of formulations across multiple dosage forms, including softgel and
hardgel capsules, tablets, liquid orals and medicated oils, which are categorised across various wellness and
therapeutic segments. These products are formulated for use in areas such as digestive health, immunity, metabolic
health, musculoskeletal and joint-related wellness, reproductive vitality, respiratory wellness, pain management and
general wellness. Our Company’s formulations are intended for use across general wellness, nutritional
supplementation and lifestyle-related wellness segments, in accordance with applicable regulatory classifications. The
shelf life of the Issuer’s products varies based on the product category, nature of the formulation, and underlying
product specifications. Generally, the shelf-life ranges between 18 months and 36 months from the date of
manufacture, in compliance with applicable regulatory guidelines. Specifically, the shelf life for the Company's
Nutraceutical products is 18 months, whereas it is 36 months for its Ayurvedic products.

Further our Company has not sold any expired inventory or expired products during the last three Fiscals.
Consequently, there have been no material adverse impacts on the Company's business operations or financial
condition due to expiry-related inventory write-offs or losses during this period.

HUMAN RESOURCES

Our employees contribute significantly to our business operations and growth. According to the employee register
maintained by the Company, the Company had 80 full-time employees as of April 30, 2026.The following table
provides a breakdown of our employees:


Name of the Department                                                     No. of Employees
Admin & HR                                                                 2
Compliance                                                                 1
Finance                                                                    2
Factory                                                                    20
Quality                                                                    2
Marketing                                                                  53
Total                                                                      80


BUSINESS MODEL

Third-Party Contract Manufacturing

Our Company undertakes third-party manufacturing for other Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical companies pursuant to
purchase orders received. Under this segment, our Company provides formulations, manufacturing, packaging and
dispatch services based on client specifications.

Third-party manufacturing historically constituted a significant portion of our Company’s revenues and continues to
play an important role by ensuring optimal capacity utilisation of the manufacturing facility and generating stable
cash flows. A substantial portion of this business originates from clients located in Kerala, a key market for Ayurvedic
products.

While the relative contribution of third-party manufacturing has declined as the business of our branded products have
expanded, our Company continues to selectively undertake such manufacturing assignments in line with its
operational capacity and strategic objectives.



                                                          29
The allocation of liability between the Company and the customer is governed by the terms of the relevant
arrangements and depends on the nature, source and circumstances of the issue in question. Generally, the Company
is responsible for matters relating to the manufacturing process undertaken by it, including adherence to agreed
product specifications, applicable quality standards, manufacturing practices and regulatory requirements applicable
to the manufacturing activity. The Company may be liable for any deficiencies, non-compliance or issues attributable
to its manufacturing operations.

The customer is generally responsible for matters relating to the branding, labelling content provided by it, marketing,
distribution, product claims, product positioning and other commercial aspects of the products manufactured on its
behalf. The customer may be liable for any issues arising from such activities or representations made by it.

Accordingly, in the event of any dispute, product-related issue or regulatory concern, the liability of the Company
and the customer would be determined based on the underlying cause of the issue, the respective obligations of the
parties under the applicable arrangements and the provisions of applicable laws and regulations.

The Company is engaged in both the marketing and sale of its own branded products as well as contract manufacturing
activities for third-party customers. The customers for whom the Company undertakes contract manufacturing
independently determine their branding, marketing, distribution and other commercial strategies.

The Company maintains appropriate confidentiality measures in relation to information received from its contract
manufacturing customers and restricts the use of such information solely for the purpose of manufacturing and
supplying products in accordance with the relevant contractual arrangements.

Accordingly, the Company believes that the operation of its own branded products business does not create any
material conflict that would adversely affect its ability to undertake contract manufacturing assignments for third-
party customers. The Company continues to service its contract manufacturing customers in the ordinary course of
business and in accordance with the terms agreed with such customers.

MANUFACTURING FACILITY

Our Company operates a single integrated in-house manufacturing facility located at Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, IDA
Cherlapally, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500051. The leased manufacturing facility has a built-up area of approximately
12,544 square feet and is designed for the manufacture of Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical products. The facility is
equipped with around 63 machines, forming part of its core manufacturing infrastructure. The current installed
capacity at this facility is as follows:

MARKETING AND PROMOTION

Revenues are generated from branded product sales through stockists, distributors and retailers and from third-party
manufacturing arrangements. Branded product sales contribute approximately 50–52% of revenues, while third-
party manufacturing accounts for approximately 48–50%. Our Company follows a uniform national maximum retail
price, with margins varying based on state-wise and product-specific factors and extends a cash discount of 2% for
payments received within 14 days.

We submit that the marketing and promotion expenses incurred during preceding three years are as follows:
                                                                                                      (₹ in Lakhs)
                                                         For the Fiscal year ended
         Particulars                March 31, 2026            March 31, 2025               March 31, 2024
                                      Amount                      Amount                       Amount
 Marketing and Business                     179.18                        101.56                        118.99
 Promotion
 Total Revenue                             4,306.75                      2,099.65                      1,442.56
 % of Total Revenue                          4.16                          4.84                          8.25
As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate dated
June 16, 2026

Further the revenue of company includes revenue from third party manufacturing as well as own brand business,
while Marketing and Business Promotion expenses are incurred for own brand business based on that the Marketing


                                                            30
and Business Promotion as % of own brand business comes to 8.14%, 24.62% and 29.42% in FY26, FY25 and FY24
respectively.

IMMOVABLE PROPERTIES

Our Manufacturing Facility, which also serves as our Registered office, is located at Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, IDA
Cherlapally, Hyderabad, Telangana, India – 500051 and our Company has been operating its business from same
leased property since incorporation. The details of our manufacturing facility are as follows:

Nature    Location             Lessor            Lessee          Nature    Period           of   Rent        Use
of Deed                                                          of        Lease                 Payable
                                                                 Holding                         /Consid
                                                                 (Owned/                         eration
                                                                 Leased)                         Involve
                                                                                                 d
 Lease    R.C.C Building       M/s               M/s Himalaya    Leased    January  01,          The         Business
 Deed     consisting      of   Kartikeya         Nutravedics               2026      to          Lessee      Purpose
          Ground and First     Industries        India Limited             December 31,          shall
          Floors, on plot      represented       through it’s              2035                  pay the
          No. 101/A, in        by         it’s   Director Mr.                                    monthly
          Survey        No.    Proprietor        Rohit Asawa                                     lease
          183(Part),           Smt.         P.   (“Lessee”)                                      rent of ₹
          situated at Phase-   Krishna                                                           2,31,00
          III,    Industrial   Kumari                                                            0/-
          Development          (“Lessor”)                                                        (Rupees
          Park,                                                                                  Two-
          Cherlapally,                                                                           Lakhs
          under      APIIC-                                                                      Thirty
          IALA                                                                                   One
          Cherlapally,                                                                           Thousa
          Municipality,                                                                          nd only)
          Kapra Mandal,
          Medchal-
          Malkajgiri
          District,
          Hyderabad,
          Telangana, India,
          500051




                           (The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank)




                                                          31
                                                 MANAGEMENT
Note: The disclosures in the Chapter “Management” beginning on page 207 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus
dated May 15, 2026, shall be updated, as applicable, with the below mentioned information in the Red Herring
Prospectus and Prospectus:
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Board comprises 4 (four) Directors, including 1 (one)
Managing Director, 1 (one) Non-Executive Women Director and 2 (two) Independent Directors. The present
composition of our Board and its committees is in accordance with the corporate governance requirements provided
under the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations.
The following table set forth details regarding our Board as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:
Name, Director Identification Number, date of birth,  Age                         Other Directorship(s)
qualifications, experience, address, occupation and (years)
date of expiration of the current term of office of
manager, managing director, and other directors
(including nominee directors and, whole-time
directors) and period of directorship
Abhisheak Dhoot                                                 31     Indian Companies
Designation: Independent Director
DIN: 11353104                                                          Nil
Date of Birth: August 22, 1994
Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in commerce and is an                Foreign Companies
associate member of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India
Experience: Over 8 (eight) years in taxation, auditing and             Nil
financial advisory
Address: 12-10-97/30, Lingasugur Road, Paras Garden,
Raichur, Karnataka – 584101, India.
Occupation: Professional
Date of expiration of current term of office: For a
period of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from
November 28, 2025.
Period of Directorship: Since November 28, 2025

COMMITTES OF THE BOARD

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee of our Board was constituted by a resolution of our Board at their meeting held on January 17,
2026. The members of the Audit Committee are:
S.     Name of Director                    Committee Designation                Nature of Directorship
No.
1.     Abhisheak Dhoot                     Chairperson                          Independent Director
2.     Ramaya Inala                        Member                               Independent Director
3.     Rohit Asawa                         Member                               Managing Director


Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of our Board was constituted by a resolution of our Board at their meeting
held on January 17, 2026. The members of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee are:
S.     Name of Director                    Committee Designation                 Nature of Directorship
No.
1.     Divya Asawa                         Chairperson                          Non-Executive Director
2.     Abhisheak Dhoot                     Member                               Independent Director


                                                         32
S.     Name of Director                   Committee Designation                 Nature of Directorship
No.
3.     Rohit Asawa                        Member                                Managing Director

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of our Board was last reconstituted by a resolution of our Board at
their meeting held on January 17, 2026. The constitution of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is as
follows:

 S.     Name of Director                 Committee Designation                    Nature of Directorship
 No.
 1.     Rohit Asawa                      Chairperson                              Managing Director
 2.     Abhisheak Dhoot                  Member                                   Independent Director
 3.     Divya Asawa                      Member                                   Non-Executive Director




                           (The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank)




                                                        33
                      SECTION V – FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF
                                OPERATIONS
Note: The disclosures in the Chapter “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of
Operations” beginning on page 236 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated May 15, 2026, shall be updated, as
applicable, with the below mentioned information in the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus:

EXPLANATION RELATING TO FINANCIAL INFROMATION

Revenue from Operations
The Revenue from Operations of the Company grew from ₹1,442.56 lakhs in FY2024 to ₹2,099.65 lakhs in FY2025
and further to ₹4,306.75 lakhs in FY2026, representing a growth of approximately 45.55% and 105.12% respectively.
The growth was primarily driven by significant increase in demand for Softgel Capsules and Medicated Oils, with
revenue from Softgel Capsules growing from ₹938.99 lakhs in FY2024 to ₹1,226.90 lakhs in FY2025 and to ₹2,572.61
lakhs in FY2026, and revenue from Medicated Oils growing from ₹46.97 lakhs in FY2024 to ₹565.60 lakhs in FY2025
and further to ₹1,289.14 lakhs in FY2026.

The Company's own-brand sales increased from ₹404.51 lakhs in FY2024 to ₹412.49 lakhs in FY2025 and to
₹2,202.54 lakhs in FY2026, with own-brand contribution to total revenue increasing from 28.04% in FY2024 to
51.14% in FY2026. Initially the moderation in own-brand contribution percentage was primarily on account of the
Company's decision to undertake job work manufacturing to establish operational capabilities, build manufacturing
expertise, and achieve scale. Subsequently, leveraging the experience and infrastructure thus developed, the Company
pivoted towards scaling its own-brand business, resulting in increase in own-brand revenue in FY2026. Revenue
growth was further supported by expansion of the Company's distribution network and marketing initiatives across
key markets including Kerala, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, and Andhra Pradesh.

Purchase of stock-in-trade
The Company is engaged in manufacturing activities and does not undertake trading operations. Accordingly, the
Company maintains inventories comprising Raw Materials, Packing Materials, Work-in-Progress and Finished
Goods. Since the Company does not purchase goods for resale in the ordinary course of business, there is no Purchase
of Stock-in-Trade.

Employee benefit expense
The decrease in employee benefit expense from ₹302.36 lakhs in FY2024 to ₹293.51 lakhs in FY2025 and further to
₹276.44 lakhs in FY2026 was on account of improved operational efficiency and better utilization of the existing
employee base. During the relevant period, the Company focused on strengthening its internal marketing and sales
capabilities, wherein the existing sales team undertook increased responsibility towards brand promotion, customer
engagement and market development activities. The Company was able to achieve higher sales volumes through the
same employee base by improving productivity and effectiveness of its sales and marketing efforts. Also, expansion
into newer markets and establishment of the Company's own brands involve a gestation period for new employees,
as they require time to develop market relationships, engage with healthcare professionals, build brand awareness and
generate sustainable sales.

The reduction in employee benefit expense is therefore attributable to improved employee productivity, operational
optimization and increasing scale of operations. The attrition for FY26 was 37.76%, FY25 was 97.26% and for FY24
was 95.89%. The higher attrition observed during FY24 and FY25 was primarily on account of the Company being
in a team-building and expansion phase, involving the creation of a new in-house marketing and sales function across
multiple geographies. During this period, the management undertook performance-based rationalisation and role-fit
assessment, resulting in the separation of non-performing or misaligned personnel, which temporarily increased
attrition levels. The Ayurvedic and nutraceutical marketing segment is characterised by high field-force mobility, and
a portion of the attrition was attributable to representatives voluntarily moving to other organisations or locations.
The initial expansion phase required time for stabilisation of organisational processes, reporting structures, incentive
mechanisms, and territory planning, which impacted employee retention in the short term.




                                                          34
Other Expenses
The increase in Other Expenses from ₹199.99 lakhs in FY2024 to ₹210.53 lakhs in FY2025 and further to ₹613.80
lakhs in FY2026 was primarily attributable to an increase in Technical/Consultancy Charges, Marketing Expenses,
and Commission Expenses, in line with the growth and expansion of the Company's business operations. The sharp
increase in FY2026 corresponds with the significant scale-up in operations and own-brand sales during the year. The
increase in Technical/Consultancy Charges was on account of the engagement of professional agencies for
streamlining internal processes and systems implementation, as well as agencies for planning and management of
marketing activities, in addition to consultants engaged for ensuring compliance with applicable AYUSH and FSSAI
regulations, quality processes, and product documentation as the scale of operations increased. The increase in
Marketing Expenses was primarily due to the Company's increased focus on building and promoting its own brands,
including brand-building, market development, and customer engagement initiatives undertaken to enhance product
awareness and expand the customer base across newer geographical markets, in line with the increase in own-brand
contribution to total revenue. The increase in Commission Expenses was attributable to the expansion of the
Company's sales network and increased adoption of performance-linked sales arrangements, directly in line with the
growth in Revenue from Operations. The Company has adopted a variable-cost approach wherein sales-related
expenses are aligned with revenue generation, providing operational flexibility while supporting market expansion.

EBITDA and EBITDA Margins
 Particulars                                         FY2026               FY2025                FY2024
 Revenue from Operations (₹ Lakhs)                   4,306.75             2,099.65              1,442.56
 EBITDA (₹ Lakhs)                                    810.34               299.01                93.54
 EBITDA Margin (%)                                   18.82                14.24                 6.48

The improvement in EBITDA margins was primarily on account of a higher share of own-brand sales in the revenue
mix, which carry comparatively superior margins relative to third party contract manufacturing. This was further
supported by an improved product mix with increased contribution from Softgel Capsules and Medicated Oils,
operating leverage arising from the scale-up in revenues whereby fixed costs did not increase proportionately, and
better absorption of manufacturing overheads on account of higher production volumes.

Profit After Tax (PAT)
 Particulars                                           FY2026               FY2025               FY2024
 Revenue from Operations (₹ Lakhs)                     4,306.75             2,099.65             1,442.56
 PAT (₹ Lakhs)                                         738.97               223.18               42.60
 PAT Margin (%)                                        17.16                10.63                2.95

The PAT of the Company grew from ₹42.60 lakhs in FY2024 to ₹223.18 lakhs in FY2025 and further to ₹738.97
lakhs in FY2026. The growth was driven by strong revenue and EBITDA expansion along with improved operating
margins arising from a favourable product mix and higher contribution of own-brand sales. Additionally, the
Company, being a DPIIT-recognized startup, is eligible for 100% deduction on profits and gains under Section 80-
IAC of the Income Tax Act, 1961, for any 3 consecutive assessment years out of 10 years from the year of
incorporation. The Company claimed this deduction for FY2024-25, resulting in a tax saving. The Company is further
eligible to claim this deduction for FY2025-26, and intends to claim the same for FY2026-27 as well, subject to
fulfilment of applicable conditions. The said deductions also directly contributed to PAT growth.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our Company has availed certain loans in the ordinary course of business for the purposes including, but not limited
to meeting its working capital requirements and financing its capital expenditure. Unless otherwise stated, the
approvals and/or sanctions are valid as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and in case said approvals
and/or sanctions have expired, we have either made an application for renewal or are in the process of making an
application for renewal. Our Company has obtained all requisite no-objection certificates and consents from its
existing lenders.




                                                        35
The aggregate outstanding borrowings (including fund based and non-fund-based borrowings) of our Company for
the period ended on April 30, 2026, as certified by our Peer review Auditor, are as follows:

Facilities availed by us

As on April 30, 2026 the aggregate outstanding borrowings of our Company are as follows:
                                                                                                     (₹ in Lakhs)
                                                                                   Outstanding as on April 30,
          Category of Borrowings                       Sanction Limit
                                                                                             2026
 Secured Borrowings
 i. Term Loan – Vehicle Loan                                             70.80                              53.26
 ii. Cash Credit                                                        500.00                             451.67
 Unsecured Borrowings                                                     NIL                                NIL
 Total                                                                  570.80                             504.93

For further and detailed information on our indebtedness, see “Risk Factor 31 - We have incurred indebtedness and
an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect
our business and financial condition” on pages 43 and “Financial Indebtedness” on page 234 of the Draft Red
Herring Prospectus.




                           (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                         36
                              SECTION VI – LEGAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
                      OUTSTANDING LITIGATIONS AND MATERIAL DEVELOPMENT
Note: The disclosures in the Chapter “Outstanding Litigations and Material Development” beginning on page 246
of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated May 15, 2026, shall be updated, as applicable, with the below mentioned
information in the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus:


6. OUTSTANDING DUES TO CREDITORS
As per the latest Restated Financial Statements, our total trade payables as on March 31, 2026 was ₹69.93 Lakhs and
accordingly, creditors to whom outstanding dues exceed ₹3.49 Lakhs have been considered as ‘material’ creditors for
the purposes of disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. This materiality threshold has been approved by our
Board of Directors pursuant to the resolution passed on May 07, 2026. As on March 31, 2026, there are creditors to
each of whom our Company owes amounts exceeding 5% of our Company’s total trade payables.
The Company is not in contravention of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 ('MSMED
Act'). All previous dues payable to vendors registered as Micro and Small Enterprises that were outstanding beyond
the prescribed timeline have since been cleared in full, along with payment of applicable interest. The dues are timely
cleared by the company as per the agreed terms with the vendors.
Based on these criteria, details of outstanding dues owed as on March 31, 2026 by our Company on consolidated basis
are set out below:

 Types of creditors                                Number of creditors              Amount involved (₹ in Lakhs)
 Micro, small and medium enterprises               11                               6.43
 Material Creditors                                5                                57.72
 Other Creditors                                   11                               5.78
 Total                                             27                               69.93

 Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 11, 2026.




                            (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                             37
                                     GOVERNMENT AND OTHER APPROVALS
Note: The disclosures in the Chapter “Government and Other Approvals” beginning on page 250 of the Draft Red
Herring Prospectus dated May 15, 2026, shall be updated, as applicable, with the below mentioned information in
the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus:

II. MATERIAL APPROVALS IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY

C. Approval from tax authorities

    Sr. No.   Nature                 of    Registration/ License/              Issuing          Date     of     Valid
              Registration                 Certificate No.                     Authority        Issue/          up to
                                                                                                Validity
                                                                                                from
      3.      GST       Registration       09AAGCH3529N1Z4                    Goods and         August 24,      Valid     till
              Certificate     (Uttar                                          Services Tax      2024            cancelled
              Pradesh)*                                                       Department
*
 Our Company has entered into a Depot-in-Charge Agreement dated July 20, 2024, with M/s N.M. Distributors for appointing
M/s N.M Distributors as its Carrying & Forwarding Agent for the territories of Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Jharkhand, and
Bihar. Under the agreement, the agent is responsible for receiving, storing, and delivering the Company's products as instructed.
In consideration for these services which include providing necessary infrastructure, utilities, documentation, and office
maintenance the Company pays a commission of 5.5% on the taxable invoice value within 45 days of dispatch. The agent is
additionally required to maintain adequate insurance coverage for the stocks at its own cost.




                             (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                               38
                         OTHER REGULATORY AND STATUTORY DISCLOSURES
Note: The disclosures in the Chapter “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures” beginning on page 257 of the
Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated May 15, 2026, shall be updated, as applicable, with the below mentioned
information in the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus:
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR LISTING ON BSE SME PLATFORM

As per Regulation 229(3) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 our Company complies with the eligibility conditions
laid by the BSE SME for listing of our Equity Shares. The point wise Criteria for BSE SME and compliance thereof
are given hereunder:

1.      INCORPORATION

The Company should be incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956/2013 in India.

Our Company was incorporated on June 16, 2022, with the Registrar of Companies, Central Registration Centre under
the Companies Act, 2013 in India.

2.      POST ISSUE PAID UP CAPITAL

The post issued paid-up capital of the Company (face value) shall not be more than ₹ 25.00 Crore.

The present paid-up capital of our Company is ₹ 630.67 Lakhs and we are proposing issue of Up to 25,00,000 Equity
Shares of ₹ 10/- each at Issue price of ₹ [●]/- per Equity Share including securities premium of ₹ [●]/- per Equity
Share, aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakh. Hence, our Post Issue Paid up Capital will be ₹ [●] Lakhs which shall not be more
than ₹25.00 Crore.

3.      NET WORTH

Based on the Restated Financial Statements, Company’s net worth for the 3 preceding financial years preceding the
application date is given below and it has Net worth of atleast ₹1 Crore for 2 preceding full financial years:

                                                                                                      (₹ in Lakhs)
 Particulars                                                               March 31,    March 31,     March 31,
                                                                             2026         2025           2024
 Paid-Up Share Capital                                                        630.67        400.00          83.00
 Reserves created out of the profits and securities premium account and
                                                                             1007.41        275.71          52.54
 debit or credit balance of profit and loss account
 The aggregate value of the accumulated losses, deferred expenditure
 and miscellaneous expenditure not written off, as per the audited
                                                                                 0.48          0.96          1.44
 balance sheet, but does not include reserves created out of revaluation
 of assets, write-back of depreciation and amalgamation
 Net Worth                                                                   1637.61        674.75         134.09

4.      NET TANGIBLE ASSETS

Based on the Restated Financial Statements as on March 31, 2026, the Company’s net tangible assets was more than
₹3 Crores in the last preceding (full) financial year. and the working is given below:
                                                                                                    (In ₹ Lakhs)
 Particulars                                              March 31, 2026
 Net Assets                                               1,638.09
 Less: Intangible Assets, and Preliminary Expenses 7.43
 Net Tangible Assets                                      1630.66

5.      TRACK RECORD

Our Company has operational track record of over three years as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.


                                                        39
6.           EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST, DEPRECIATION AND TAX

The Company confirms that it has operating profit (earnings before interest, depreciation and tax) from operations for
at-least 2 out of 3 previous financial years preceding the application date as per the Restated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                           (₹ in Lakhs)
 Particulars                                     March 31 2026*          March 31, 2025*           March 31, 2024*

    Net Profit before Tax                                     748.13                  224.83                    59.46
    Add: Finance Cost                                          34.95                   31.89                    18.37
    Add: Depreciation                                          31.42                   41.07                    14.62
    Less: Other Income                                          5.28                    0.04                     0.32
    Operating Profit (EBITD)                                  809.22                  297.75                    92.13
*
    Rounded off to the closest decimal.

7.           LEVERAGE RATIO

The Leverage ratio (Total Debts to Equity) of the Company as on March 31, 2026 is 0.31 which is less than the limit
of 3. The working is given below:

    Particulars                                                                                March 31, 2026
    Long Term Borrowing (including current maturities) (₹ in Lakhs) (A)                            54.02
    Short Term Borrowing (₹ in Lakhs) (B)                                                         459.17
    Total Debt (₹ in Lakhs) (C)                                                                   513.19
    Net Worth (₹ in Lakhs) (D)                                                                   1,637.61
    Debt-Equity Ratio (C/D)                                                                         0.31

8.           DISCIPLINARY ACTION

No regulatory action of suspension of trading has been taken against the promoter(s) or companies promoted by the
promoters by any stock Exchange having nationwide trading terminals.

The Promoter(s) or directors are not promoter(s) or directors (other than independent directors) of compulsory delisted
companies by the Exchange and the applicability of consequences of compulsory delisting is attracted or companies
that are suspended from trading on account of non-compliance.

Directors are not be disqualified/debarred by any of the Regulatory Authority.

9.           DEFAULT

There are no pending defaults in respect of payment of interest and/or principal to the debenture/ bond/ fixed deposit
holders by our company, promoters/ promoting company(ies), Subsidiary Companies.

10.          NAME CHANGE

Except for the conversion of the Company from a private limited company to a public limited company, which resulted
in the change of its name from Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited to Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited,
there has been no change in the name of the Company during the preceding one year.

11.          OTHER REQUIREMENTS

        i. The Company has a functional website – www.himalayanutravedics.com;
        ii. 100% of the Promoter’s shareholding in the Company is in Dematerialised form;
        iii. It is mandatory for the company to facilitate trading in demat securities and enter into an agreement with
             both the depositories. To facilitate trading in demat securities; the Company had signed the following
             tripartite agreements with the Depositories and the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent:

        •    Tripartite agreement dated January 20, 2026, with CDSL, our Company and Registrar to the Issue;
        •    Tripartite agreement dated January 20, 2026, with NSDL, our Company and Registrar to the Issue;


                                                            40
     •     The Company’s shares bear an ISIN: INE1OTR01013.

     iv. There has not been any change in the promoters in preceding one year from date of filing the application to
           BSE for listing under SME segment;
     v. The composition of the board is in compliance with the requirements of Companies Act, 2013 at the time of
           in-principle approval;
     vi. The net worth computation will be as per the definition given in SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018;
     vii. We confirm that the company has not been referred to National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency
           and Bankruptcy Code, 2016;
     viii. There is no winding up petition against the company, which has been admitted by the court.

ELIGIBILITY FOR THE ISSUE

We further confirm that we shall be complying with all the other requirements as laid down for such an Issue under
Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time and subsequent circulars and guidelines
issued by SEBI and the Stock Exchange.

15. The Company confirms that it has operating profit (earnings before interest, depreciation and tax) from operations
for atleast 2 out of 3 previous financial years preceding the application date as per the Restated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                            (₹ in Lakhs)
 Particulars                                     March 31 2026*           March 31, 2025*          March 31, 2024*

 Net Profit before Tax                                          748.13                  224.83                  59.46
 Add: Finance Cost                                               34.95                   31.89                  18.37
 Add: Depreciation                                               31.42                   41.07                  14.62
 Less: Other Income                                               5.28                    0.04                   0.32
 Operating Profit (EBITD)                                       809.22                  297.75                  92.13
*Rounded off to the closest decimal




                                (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                              41
                                                                                                                                                                                    Draft Red Herring Prospectus
                                                                                                                                                                                              Dated: May 15 ,2026
                                                                                                                                                                                            100% Book Built Issue
                                                                                                                                                         Please read Section 26 and 32 of the Companies Act, 2013
                                                                                                                                         (This Draft Red Herring Prospectus will be updated upon filing with ROC)

(Please scan this QR code to view the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the Draft Abridged Prospectus)




                                                                              HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                                                                        (Formerly Known as Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited)
                                                                                      CIN: U24110TG2022PLC163732
              Registered and Corporate Office                                Contact Person                             Email and Telephone                                               Website

   Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park,                   Pooja Biyani                              Email: info@himalayanutravedics.com                    www.himalayanutravedics.com
   Cherlapally, Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal, Hyderabad –           (Company Secretary and Compliance
   500051, Telangana, India.                                                   Officer)                                      Contact No.: +91-9063498493

                                    PROMOTERS OF THE COMPANY: ROHIT ASAWA, DIVYA ASAWA, CHANDA ASAWA AND RAMA RAJU PENMATSA
                                                                                             DETAILS OF THE ISSUE
              TYPE                      FRESH ISSUE                OFFER FOR SALE              TOTAL ISSUE SIZE                                                  ELIGIBILITY
                                         (₹ in Lakhs)                     SIZE                    (₹ in Lakhs)
                                                                      (₹ in Lakhs)

   Fresh Issue                     Upto 25,00,000 Equity                    N.A.             Upto 25,00,000 Equity             This Issue is being made in terms of Regulation 229(1) and 253(1) of Chapter IX of
                                   Shares of face value of                                   Shares of face value of ₹10/-     the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as amended. For further details, please refer to
                                   ₹10/- each aggregating to                                 each aggregating to ₹ [●]         the chapter titled "Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures - Eligibility for the
                                   ₹ [●] Lakhs                                               Lakhs                             Issue" beginning on page 257. For details of share reservation among Qualified
                                                                                                                               Institutional Bidders ("QIBs"), Non-Institutional Bidders ("NIBs") and Individual
                                                                                                                               Investors ("IIs") please refer to the section titled "Issue Structure" beginning on
                                                                                                                               page 279 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
                                                                                   RISK IN RELATION TO THE FIRST ISSUE
   This being the first public issue of the Equity Shares of our Company, there has been no formal market for the Equity Shares. The face value of each Equity Share is ₹10/-. The Floor Price, Cap Price and
   Issue Price as determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, on the basis of the assessment of mark et demand for the Equity Shares by way of the Book Building
   process, as stated under “Basis for Issue Price” on page 115 should not be considered to be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Equity Shares are listed. No assurance can be given
   regarding an active or sustained trading in the Equity Shares nor regarding the price at which the Equity Shar es will be traded after listing.
                                                                                                 GENERAL RISKS
   Investments in equity and equity-related securities involve a degree of risk and investors should not invest any funds in this Issue unless they can afford to take the risk of losing their entire investment.
   Investors are advised to read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment decision in the Issue. For taking an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of our Company
   and the Issue including the risks involved. The Equity Shares issued in the Issue have not been recommended or approved by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), nor does SEBI guarantee
   the accuracy or adequacy of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Specific attention of the investors is invited of the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 26 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
                                                                                 COMPANY’S ABSOLUTE RESPONSIBILITY
   Our Company, having made all reasonable inquiries, accepts responsibility for and confirms that this Draft Red Herring Prospe ctus contains all information with regard to our Company and the Issue,
   which is material in the context of the Issue, that the information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is true and correct in all material aspects and is not misleading in any material respect, that
   the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and that there are no other facts, the omission of which makes this Draft Red Herring Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or
   the expression of any such opinions or intentions, misleading in any material respect.
                                                                                                      LISTING
   The Equity Shares issued through this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are proposed to be listed on SME Platform of BSE Limited (“BSE SME”) in terms of the Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations,
   2018, as amended from time to time. Our Company has received “in-principle” approval letter dated [●] from BSE SME for using its name in the Offer Document for listing of our shares on the BSE
   SME. For the purpose of this Issue, the Designated Stock Exchange will be the BSE SME.
                                                                              BOOK RUNNING LEAD MANAGER TO THE ISSUE
                                        Name and Logo                                                            Contact Person                                       Email, Telephone and Website

                         z

                                                                                                                                                                   Email- Kunjal@nirbhaycapital.com
                                                                                                                    Kunjal Soni                                          Tel.: +91 7948970649
                                                                                                                                                                   Website: www.nirbhaycapital.com

   NIRBHAY CAPITAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED

                                                                                           REGISTRAR TO THE ISSUE
                                       Name and Logo                                                      Contact Person                                             Email, Telephone and Website



                                                                                                                                                                   Email- himalaya.ipo@kfintech.com
                                                                                                                 M Murali Krishna                                       Tel.: +91-40 6716 2222
                                                                                                                                                                     Website: www.kfintech.com

   KFIN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

                                                                                        BID/ISSUE PERIOD
   ANCHOR INVESTOR BID/ISSUE PERIOD: [●]*                                                BID/ISSUE OPENS ON [●]*                                 BID/ISSUE CLOSES ON [●]**^
 *The Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, consider participation by Anchor Investors in accordanc e with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period
 shall be one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date.
 **Our Company may in consultation with the BRLM, consider closing the Issue Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Issue Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
 ^UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5:00 pm on the Issue Closing Date.
                                                                                                                                                                                   Draft Red Herring Prospectus
                                                                                                                                                                                            Dated: May 15, 2026
                                                                                                                                                                                          100% Book Built Issue
                                                                                                                                                       Please read Section 26 and 32 of the Companies Act, 2013
                                                                                                                                        (This Draft Red Herring Prospectus will be updated upon filing with ROC)

(Please scan this QR code to view the Draft Red Herring prospectus and the Draft Abridged Prospectus)




                                                                              HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                                                                        (Formerly Known as Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited)
                                                                                      CIN: U24110TG2022PLC163732

 Our Company was originally incorporated and registered as a private limited company under the Companies Act, 2013 under the name of ‘Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited’ on June 16, 2022
 bearing Corporate Identification Number U24110TG2022PTC163732 Issued by the Registrar of Companies, Central Registration Centre. Thereafter, our Company was converted into a public limite d
 company pursuant to a special resolution passed by our members at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on November 28, 2025 and consequently the name of our Company was changed to ‘Himalaya
 Nutravedics India Limited’. A fresh certificate of incorporation consequent upon conversion from private limited company to public limited company dat ed December 12, 2025, was issued by Registrar of
 Companies, Central Processing Centre bearing Corporate Identification Number U24110TG2022PLC163732. For details of incorporation and change in the name of our Company, please refer to the chapter
 titled “History and Corporate Structure” beginning on page 202 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

             Registered and Corporate Office: Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park, Cherlapally, Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal, Hyderabad – 500051, Telangana, India;
                                       Telephone: +91 9063498493; Website: www.himalayanutravedics.com; E-mail: info@himalayanutravedics.com;
                                          Contact Person: Pooja Biyani (Company Secretary and Compliance Officer); CIN: U24110TG2022PLC163732
                              PROMOTERS OF OUR COMPANY– ROHIT ASAWA, DIVYA ASAWA, CHANDA ASAWA AND RAMA RAJU PENMATSA
                                                                                      DETAILS OF THE ISSUE
   INITIAL PUBLIC ISSUE OF UPTO 25,00,000 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹10/- EACH (“EQUITY SHARES”) OF THE COMPANY AT AN ISSUE PRICE OF ₹[●] PER
   EQUITY SHARE (INCLUDING A SHARE PREMIUM OF ₹ [●] PER EQUITY SHARE) FOR CASH, AGGREGATING UP TO ₹ [●] LAKHS (“PUBLIC ISSUE”), OUT OF WHICH [●]
   EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹10/- EACH, AT AN ISSUE PRICE OF ₹[●] PER EQUITY SHARE FOR CASH, AGGREGATING ₹[●] LAKHS WILL BE RESERVED FOR
   SUBSCRIPTION BY THE MARKET MAKER TO THE ISSUE (THE “MARKET MAKER RESERVATION PORTION”). THE PUBLIC ISSUE LESS MARKET MAKER RESERVATION
   PORTION I.E. ISSUE OF [●] EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹ 10 EACH, AT AN ISSUE PRICE OF ₹[●] PER EQUITY SHARE FOR CASH, AGGREGATING UP TO ₹[●]
   LAKHS IS HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS THE “NET ISSUE”. THE PUBLIC ISSUE AND NET ISSUE WILL CONSTITUTE [●]% AND [●]% RESPECTIVELY OF THE POST-
   ISSUE PAID-UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL OF OUR COMPANY.

   THE PRICE BAND AND THE MINIMUM BID LOT WILL BE DECIDED BY OUR COMPANY IN CONSULTATION WITH THE BRLM AND WILL BE ADVERTISED IN ALL
   EDITIONS OF [●] (A WIDELY CIRCULATED ENGLISH NATIONAL DAILY NEWSPAPER), ALL EDITIONS OF [●] (A WIDELY CIRCULATED HINDI NATIONAL DAILY
   NEWSPAPER AND ALL EDITIONS OF THE TELUGU DAILY NEWSPAPER, [●] (TELUGU BEING THE REGIONAL LANGUAGE OF TELANGANA, WHERE OUR REGISTERED
   AND CORPORATE OFFICE IS LOCATED), AT LEAST TWO WORKING DAYS PRIOR TO THE BID/ISSUE OPENING DATE AND SHALL BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE SME
   PLATFORM OF BSE LIMITED (BSE SME) FOR THE PURPOSES OF UPLOADING ON ITS WEBSITE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA
   (ISSUE OF CAPITAL AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2018, AS AMENDED (THE “SEBI ICDR REGULATIONS”).
   In case of any revision in the Price Band, the Bid/Issue Period shall be extended for at least three additional Working Days after such revision of the Price Band, subject to the tot al Bid/Issue Period not
   exceeding 10 Working Days. In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, our Company may, for reasons to be recorded in writing extend the Bid/Issue Period for a minimum of one
   Working Day, subject to the Bid/Issue Period not exceeding 10 Working Days. Any revision in the Price Band, and the revised Bid/Issue Period, if applicable, shall be widely disseminated by notification
   to the Stock Exchanges by issuing a press release and also by indicating the change on the website of the BRLM and at the ter minals of the Members of the Syndicate and by intimation to Designated
   Intermediaries and Sponsor Bank as applicable.
   This Issue is being made through the Book Building Process, in terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 19 57, as amended (“SCRR”) read with Regulation 229(1) of the
   SEBI ICDR Regulations and in compliance with Regulation 253 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, wherein not more than 50% of the Ne t Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to
   Qualified Institutional Buyers (“QIBs”) (the “QIB Portion”), provided that our Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, may allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to
   Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations (“Anchor Investor Portion”), 40% of th e Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic mutual funds
   and life insurance companies and pension funds, out of which 33.33% shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to v alid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the
   Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription, or non-allocation in the Anchor Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares shall be added to the Net QIB Portion. Further, 5.00% of
   the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the r emainder of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to
   all QIB Bidders, including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. However, if the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than 5.00% of the Net QIB Portion,
   the balance Equity Shares available for allocation in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the remaining Net QIB Portion for proportionate allocation to QIBs. Further, not less than 15% of the Net
   Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Investors out of which (a) one third of such portion was reserved for applicants with Bid cum application size of more
   than 2 lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹ 10.00 Lakhs and (b) two-third of such portion was reserved for applicants with Bid cum application size of more than ₹ 10.00 Lakhs provided
   that the unsubscribed portion in either of such subcategories could have been allocated to applicants in the other sub -category of Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be
   available for allocation to Individual Bidders in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. All Bidders are required to part icipate in the Issue by mandatorily utilizing the Application Supported by
   Blocked Amount (“ASBA”) process by providing details of their respective ASBA Account (as defined hereinafter) in which the corresponding Bid Amounts will be blocked by the Self Certified Syndicate
   Banks (“SCSBs”) or under the UPI Mechanism, as the case may be, to the extent of respective Bid Amounts. Anchor Investors are not permitted to participate in the Issue through the ASBA process. For
   details, see “Issue Procedure” on page 284 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
                                                                                      RISK IN RELATION TO THE FIRST ISSUE
   This being the first Issue of the Company, there has been no formal market for the securities of the Company. The face value of the equity shares is ₹ 10/-. The Issue Price/Floor Price/Price Band should
   not be taken to be indicative of the market price of the specified securities after the specified securities are listed. No assurance can be given regarding an active or sustained trading in the equity shares
   of the Company nor regarding the price at which the equity shares will be traded after listing.
                                                                                                      GENERAL RISKS
   Investments in Equity and Equity-related securities involve a degree of risk and investors should not invest any funds in this Issue unless they can afford to take the risk of losing their entire investment.
   Investors are advised to read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment decision in the Issue. For taking an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of our Company
   and the Issue including the risks involved. The Equity Shares issued in the Issue have not been recommended or approved by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), nor does SEBI guarantee
   the accuracy or adequacy of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Specific attention of the investors is invited of the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 26 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
                                                                                     COMPANY’S ABSOLUTE RESPONSIBILITY
   Our Company, having made all reasonable inquiries, accepts responsibility for and confirms that this Draft Red Herring Prospe ctus contains all information with regard to our Company and the Issue,
   which is material in the context of the Issue, that the information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is true and correct in all material aspects and is not misleading in any material respect, that
   the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and that there are no other facts, the omission of which makes this Draft Red Herring Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or
   the expression of any such opinions or intentions, misleading in any material respect.
                                                                                                          LISTING
   The Equity Shares issued through this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are proposed to be listed on SME Platform of BSE Limited in terms of the Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as
   amended from time to time. Our Company has received “in-principle” approval letter dated [●] from BSE Limited for using its name in the Offer Document for listing of our shares on the SME Platform
   of BSE. For the purpose of this Issue, the Designated Stock Exchange will be BSE SME.
                            BOOK RUNNING LEAD MANAGER TO THE ISSUE                                                                                  REGISTRAR TO THE ISSUE




                        NIRBHAY CAPITAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED                                                                                  KFIN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
  Address: 201, Maruti Crystal, Opposite Rajpath Club, S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380054, Gujarat,     Address: 301, The Centrium, 3 rd Floor, 57, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road, Nav Pada, Kurla (West),
  India                                                                                             Mumbai-400070, Maharashtra, India.
  Tel No.: +91 7948970649                                                                           Tel No.: +91-40 6716 2222
  Email: kunjal@nirbhaycapital.com                                                                  Email: himalaya.ipo@kfintech.com
  Investor Grievance ID: ipo@nirbhaycapital.com                                                     Investor Grievance ID: einward.ris@kfintech.com
  Website: www.nirbhaycapital.com                                                                   Website: www.kfintech.com
  Contact Person: Kunjal Soni                                                                       Contact Person: M Murali Krishna
  SEBI Registration No: INM000011393                                                                SEBI Registration No.: INR000000221
  CIN: U67120GJ2006PTC047985                                                                        CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072
                                                                                      BID/ISSUE PERIOD
          ANCHOR PORTION BID/ISSUE PERIOD*: [●]                                     BID/ISSUE OPENS ON: [●]                                      BID/ISSUE CLOSES ON^**: [●]
*The Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, consider participation by Anchor Investors in accordanc e with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period
shall be one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date.
**Our Company may in consultation with the BRLM, consider closing the Bid/Issue Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations
^ UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5:00 pm on the Bid/Issue Closing Date




                                                          (The remainder of this page is intentionally kept left blank)
(This page is intentionally kept left blank)
                                                         TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECTION I – GENERAL .............................................................................................................................. 2
   DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS................................................................................................ 2
   CERTAIN CONVENTIONS, USE OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND MARKET DATA AND
   CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION ...................................................................................................... 21
   FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS ............................................................................................... 24
SECTION II - RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................. 26
SECTION III – INTRODUCTION .............................................................................................................. 59
   ISSUE DETAILS IN BRIEF .................................................................................................................. 59
   SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION.................................................................................... 61
   SUMMARY OF CONTINGENT LIABILITIES..................................................................................... 64
   SUMMARY OF RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ....................................................................... 65
   GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 67
   CAPITAL STRUCTURE ....................................................................................................................... 80
   OBJECTS OF THE ISSUE .................................................................................................................... 99
   BASIS FOR ISSUE PRICE .................................................................................................................. 115
   STATEMENT OF TAX BENEFITS .................................................................................................... 122
SECTION IV – ABOUT THE COMPANY ............................................................................................... 125
   INDUSTRY OVERVIEW.................................................................................................................... 125
   BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................................... 164
   KEY INDUSTRY REGULATIONS..................................................................................................... 192
   HISTORY AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE .................................................................................... 202
   MANAGEMENT................................................................................................................................. 207
   PROMOTERS AND PROMOTER GROUP......................................................................................... 224
   DIVIDEND POLICY ........................................................................................................................... 230
SECTION V – FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY ..................................................... 231
   RESTATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT ............................................................................................ 231
   OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................. 232
   CAPITALISATION STATEMENT ..................................................................................................... 233
   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS ............................................................................. 234
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF
   OPERATIONS .................................................................................................................................... 236
SECTION VI – LEGAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ........................................................................ 246
   OUTSTANDING LITIGATIONS AND MATERIAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................. 246
   GOVERNMENT AND OTHER APPROVALS.................................................................................... 250
   GROUP COMPANIES ........................................................................................................................ 256
   OTHER REGULATORY AND STATUTORY DISCLOSURES .......................................................... 257
SECTION VII – ISSUE RELATED INFORMATION ............................................................................. 268
   TERMS OF THE ISSUE ...................................................................................................................... 268
   ISSUE STRUCTURE .......................................................................................................................... 279
   ISSUE PROCEDURE .......................................................................................................................... 284
   RESTRICTIONS ON FOREIGN OWNERSHIP OF INDIAN SECURITIES ........................................ 306
SECTION VIII- PROVISIONS OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY ........ 309
SECTION IX – OTHER INFORMATION ............................................................................................... 326
   MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION ................................................ 326
   DECLARATIONS ............................................................................................................................... 328
                                            SECTION I – GENERAL
                                    DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS
This Draft Red Herring Prospectus uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise
indicates or implies, shall have the same meaning as provided below. References to any legislation, act,
regulation, rules, guidelines, policies, circulars, notifications, directions or clarifications shall be to such
legislation, act, regulation, rule, guideline, policy, circular, notification, direction or clarification as amended,
updated, supplemented, re-enacted or modified, from time to time, and any reference to a statutory provision shall
include any subordinate legislation made, from time to time, under such provision.

The words and expressions used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus but not defined herein shall have, to the
extent applicable, the same meaning ascribed to such terms in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue
of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, the Companies Act 2013, the Securities Contracts
(Regulation) Act, 1956, the Depositories Act and the rules and regulations made thereunder, as amended.
Further, the Issue related terms used but not defined in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall have the meaning
ascribed to such terms under the General Information Document. In case of any inconsistency between the
definitions given below and the definitions contained in the General Information Document (as defined below),
the definitions given below shall prevail.
CONVENTIONAL OR GENERAL TERMS

 Term                               Description
 Alternative          Investment    Alternative investment funds as defined in and registered under the SEBI
 Funds/AIFs                         (Alternative Investment Funds) Regulations, 2012, as amended.
 Category I AIF                     AIFs who are registered as “Category I Alternative Investment Funds” under
                                    the SEBI AIF Regulations.
 Category II AIF                    AIFs who are registered as “Category II Alternative Investment Funds” under
                                    the SEBI AIF Regulations.
 Category III AIF                   AIFs who are registered as “Category III Alternative Investment Funds”
                                    under the SEBI AIF Regulations.
 Central   Government           /   The Government of India, being the central government of the Republic of
 Government of India                India, as constituted under the Constitution of India. References to "GoI",
                                    "Indian Government", "Central Government" and "Government of India" in
                                    this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall, unless the context otherwise
                                    requires, be construed as references to the Central Government of the
                                    Republic of India
 Consolidated FDI Policy            The consolidated FDI Policy, effective from October 15, 2020, issued by the
                                    DPIIT, and any amendments or substitutions thereof, issued from time to
                                    time.
 Depositories                       NSDL and CDSL.
 DPIIT / Department for             The Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of
 Promotion of Industry and          Commerce and Industry, Government of India (formerly known as the
 Internal Trade                     Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion / DIPP), or any successor
                                    department or ministry thereof
 FEMA / Foreign Exchange            The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (Act 42 of 1999), as amended
 Management Act                     from time to time, and the rules, regulations, notifications, and circulars
                                    issued thereunder, including the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt
                                    Instruments) Rules, 2019 and the Foreign Exchange Management (Mode of
                                    Payment and Reporting of Non-Debt Instruments) Regulations, 2019, as
                                    amended.
 FII Regulations                    Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Institutional Investors)
                                    Regulations, 1995, as amended.
 Financial      Year/      Fiscal   The period of twelve months ended March 31 of that particular year
 Year/FY
 Merchant Banker                    Merchant banker as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of

                                                         2
Term                              Description
                                  India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992 as amended.
“Himalaya Nutravedics India       Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited (Formerly known as Himalaya
Limited”/ “Our Company”/          Nutravedics India Private Limited), a company incorporated under the
“the Company” / “the Issuer” /    Companies Act, 2013 having its registered and corporate office at Plot No.
“Himalaya”                        101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park, Cherlapally, Hindustan
                                  Cables Ltd, Uppal, Hyderabad-500051, Telangana, India.
 Our Promoters                    Shall mean promoters of our Company i.e, Rohit Asawa, Divya Asawa,
                                  Chanda Asawa and Rama Raju Penmatsa.
 Promoter Group                   Includes such Persons, and entities constituting our promoter group covered
                                  under Regulation 2(1)(pp) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations as enlisted in the
                                  in the chapter titled “Promoters and Promoter Group” beginning on page
                                  224 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
SEBI ICDR Regulations /           Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure
ICDR Regulations / SEBI           Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time.
ICDR / ICDR
SEBI      Insider       Trading   SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended from
Regulations                       time to time, including instructions and clarifications issued by SEBI from
                                  time to time
SEBI LODR Regulations/            Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Listing Regulations/LODR          Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time.
SEBI     Merchant       Bankers   Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations,
Regulation                        1992.
 SEBI Rules and Regulations       SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, SEBI (Underwriters) Regulations, 1993, as
                                  amended, the SEBI (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992, as amended, and
                                  any and all other relevant rules, regulations, guidelines, which SEBI may
                                  issue from time to time, including instructions and clarifications issued by it
                                  from time to time.
 SEBI Takeover Regulations        Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares
                                  and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended from time to time.
 Securities Act                   The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 Stamp Act                        The Indian Stamp Act, 1899, as amended from time to time
 State Government                 The Government of a State of India.
 “we”, “us” and “our”             Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies refers to our Company.
 Year/Calendar Year               Unless context otherwise requires, shall refer to the twelve-month period
                                  ending December 31.
 “you”, “your” or “yours”         Prospective investors in this Issue.

ISSUE RELATED TERMS

Terms                             Description
Abridged Prospectus               Abridged prospectus means a memorandum containing such salient features
                                  of a prospectus as may be specified by SEBI in this behalf.
Acknowledgement Slip              The slip or document issued by the Designated Intermediary (ies) to an
                                  Applicant as proof of registration of the Application.
Allotment/Allot/Allotted          Unless the context otherwise requires, allotment of Equity Shares issued
                                  pursuant to the Issue pursuant to successful bidders.
Allotment Advice                  Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the Bidders who have been
                                  allotted Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the
                                  Designated Stock Exchange.
Allottee(s)                       Successful bidder(s) to whom the Equity Shares have been issued.


                                                       3
Terms                              Description
Anchor Investor                    A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion
                                   in accordance with the requirements specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations
                                   and the Red Herring Prospectus who has Bid for an amount of at least ₹
                                   200.00 lakhs.
Anchor Investor Allocation         The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to Anchor Investors in
Price                              terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus, which will be decided
                                   by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, on the Anchor Investor
                                   Bidding Date.
Anchor Investor Application        The date, being one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date, on
Form                               which Bids by Anchor Investors shall be submitted, prior to and after which
                                   the BRLM will not accept any Bids from Anchor Investors, and allocation to
                                   Anchor Investors shall be completed.
Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue         One Working Day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, on which Bids by
Period                             Anchor Investors shall be submitted and allocation to the Anchor Investors
                                   shall be completed.
Anchor Investor Issue Price        Final price at which the Equity Shares will be issued and Allotted to Anchor
                                   Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which
                                   price will be equal to or higher than the Issue Price but not higher than the
                                   Cap Price. The Anchor Investor Issue Price will be decided by our Company,
                                   in consultation with the BRLM.
Anchor Investor Portion            Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company, in
                                   consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, to the Anchor Investors
                                   on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
                                   Further, 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic
                                   mutual funds and life insurance companies and pension funds, out of which
                                   33.33% shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids
                                   being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor
                                   Allocation Price, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Application Form                   The Form in terms of which the applicant shall apply for the Equity Shares
                                   of our Company.
Application Supported         by   An application, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders, to
Blocked Amount / ASBA              make a Bid and authorising an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA
                                   Account and will include amounts blocked by the SCSB upon acceptance of
                                   UPI Mandate Request by the UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism.
ASBA Account                       A bank account maintained by ASBA Bidders with an SCSB and specified
                                   in the ASBA Form submitted by such ASBA Bidder in which funds will be
                                   blocked by such SCSB to the extent of the specified in the ASBA Form
                                   submitted by such ASBA Bidder and includes a bank account maintained by
                                   an Individual Investor linked to a UPI ID, which will be blocked in relation
                                   to a Bid by an Individual Investor Bidding through the UPI Mechanism.
ASBA               Application     Locations at which ASBA Applications can be uploaded by the SCSBs,
Location(s)/ Specified Cities      namely Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata and Ahmedabad.
ASBA Bid                           A Bid made by ASBA Bidder.
ASBA Bidder                        Any prospective investor(s) / Bidder (s) in this Issue who apply(ies) through
                                   the ASBA process except Anchor Investor.
ASBA Form/           Bid   cum     An Application form (with or without UPI ID, as applicable), whether
Application                        physical or electronic, used by Bidders which will be considered as the
                                   application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus or the
                                   Prospectus.
Basis of Allotment                 The basis on which equity shares will be allotted to successful applicants
                                   under the Issue and which is described in chapter titled “Issue Procedure”
                                   beginning page 284 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.



                                                       4
Terms                      Description
Bankers to the Issue and   The banks which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as Banker
Refund Banker              to an Issue with whom the Public Issue Account will be opened and, in this
                           case, being [●].
Bid(s)                     An indication to make an Issue during the Bid/Issue Period by an ASBA
                           Bidder pursuant to submission of the ASBA Form to subscribe to or purchase
                           the Equity Shares at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and
                           modifications thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and in
                           terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the relevant Bid cum Application
                           Form.
                           The term “Bidding” shall be construed accordingly.
Bid Amount                 The highest value of optional Bids indicated in the Bid cum Application
                           Form and in the case of Individual Bidders, who applies for minimum
                           application Size and Bidding at Cut Off Price, the Cap Price multiplied by
                           the number of Equity Shares Bid for by such Individual Bidder payable by
                           the Individual Bidder or blocked in the ASBA Account upon submission of
                           the Bid in the Issue.
Bid Lot                    [●] Equity Shares and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares thereafter.
Bid/Issue Closing Date     Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date
                           after which the Designated Intermediaries will not accept any Bids, being
                           [●], which shall be published all editions of the English national newspaper
                           [●], all editions of Hindi national newspaper [●] and Telugu edition of
                           Regional newspaper [●] where the Registered and Corporate office of the
                           company is situated, each with wide circulation.

                           Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may, consider closing the
                           Bid/Issue Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/ Issue Closing
                           Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. In case of any revision,
                           the extended Bid/ Issue Closing Date shall be widely disseminated by
                           notification to the Stock Exchanges, and also be notified on the websites of
                           the BRLM and at the terminals of the Syndicate Members, if any and
                           communicated to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank,
                           which shall also be notified in an advertisement in same newspapers in which
                           the Bid/ Issue Opening Date was published, as required under the SEBI ICDR
                           Regulations.
Bid/Issue Opening Date     Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date
                           on which the Designated Intermediaries shall start accepting Bids, being [●],
                           which shall be published in all editions of the English national newspaper
                           [●], all editions of Hindi national newspaper [●] and Telugu edition of
                           Regional newspaper [●] where the Registered and Corporate office of the
                           company is situated, each with wide circulation.

                           In case of any revision, the revised Bid/ Issue Opening Date will also be
                           widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, by issuing a
                           public notice, and also by indicating the change on the websites of the Book
                           Running Lead Manager and at the terminals of the other members of the
                           Syndicate and by intimation to the Designated Intermediaries and the
                           Sponsor Bank(s).
Bid/ Issue Period          Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the period
                           between the Bid/ Issue Opening Date and the Bid/ Issue Closing Date or the
                           QIB Bid/ Issue Closing Date, as the case may be, inclusive of both days,
                           during which Bidders can submit their Bids, including any revisions thereof.
                           Provided however that the Bidding/ Issue Period shall be kept open for a
                           minimum of three Working Days for all categories of Bidders.
Bidder/ Applicant          Any prospective investor who makes a bid for Equity Shares in terms of Draft
                           Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid-Cum-Application Form and unless

                                                5
Terms                            Description
                                 otherwise stated or implied, which includes an ASBA Bidder and an Anchor
                                 Investor
Bidding                          The process of making a Bid.
Bidding / Bidding Collection     Centres at which the Designated Intermediaries shall accept the ASBA Forms
Centres                          i.e. Designated SCSB Branch for SCSBs, specified locations for Syndicates,
                                 Broker Centres for Registered Brokers, Designated RTA Locations for RTAs
                                 and Designated CDP Locations for CDPs.
Bid Amount                       The amount at which the bidder makes a bid for the Equity Shares of our
                                 Company in terms of Red Herring Prospectus.
Bid cum Application Form         The form in terms of which the bidder shall make a bid, including ASBA
                                 Form, and which shall be considered as the bid for the Allotment pursuant to
                                 the terms of Red Herring Prospectus.
Book Building Process            Book building process, as provided in Part A of Schedule XIII of the SEBI
                                 ICDR Regulations, in terms of which the Issue is being made.
BRLM / Book Running Lead         Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue, in this case being Nirbhay Capital
Manager                          Services Private Limited.
Broker Centers                   Broker centers notified by the Stock Exchanges where investors can submit
                                 the Application Forms to a Registered Broker. The details of such Broker
                                 Centers, along with the names and contact details of the Registered Brokers
                                 are available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com
                                 and www.nseindia.com
BSE                              BSE Limited.
BSE SME                          SME Platform of BSE Limited as per the Rules and Regulations laid down
                                 by SEBI for listing of equity shares.
CAN or Confirmation of           The note or advice or intimation sent to each successful Applicant indicating
Allocation Note                  the Equity which will be allotted, after approval of Basis of Allotment by the
                                 designated Stock Exchange.
Cap Price                        The higher end of the Price Band, subject to any revisions thereto, above
                                 which the Issue Price will not be finalized and above which no Bids will be
                                 accepted.
Collecting         Depository    A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996,
Participants or CDPs             registered with SEBI and who is eligible to procure Bids at the Designated
                                 CDP Locations in terms of the SEBI ICDR Master Circular and other
                                 applicable circulars issued by SEBI as per the lists available on the websites
                                 of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, as
                                 updated from time to time.
Client Id                        Client Identification Number maintained with one of the Depositories in
                                 relation to demat account.
Collecting Registrar and Share   Registrar and share transfer agents registered with SEBI and eligible to
Transfer Agents/CRTAs            procure Bids at the Designated RTA Locations in terms of the SEBI ICDR
                                 Master Circular issued by SEBI as per the lists available on the websites
                                 of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com,
                                 as updated from time to time.
Cut-Off Price                    The Issue Price, finalized by our Company in consultation with the BRLM,
                                 which shall be any price within the Price Band.

                                 Only IBs Bidding in the Individual Investor Portion are entitled to Bid at the
                                 Cut-off Price. QIBs (including the Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional
                                 Bidders are not entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price
Controlling Branches of the      Such branches of the SCSBs which coordinate with the BRLM, the Registrar
SCSBs                            to the Issue and the Stock Exchange.
Demographic Details              The demographic details of the applicants such as their Address, PAN, name


                                                      6
Terms                            Description
                                 of the applicant father/husband, investor status, and occupation and Bank
                                 Account details.
Depository(ies)                  A depository registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Depositories and
                                 Participants) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time i.e., National
                                 Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services
                                 (India) Limited (CDSL).
Designated CDP Locations         Such locations of the CDPs where bidder can submit the Bid cum Application
                                 Forms to Collecting Depository Participants. The details of such Designated
                                 CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the Collecting
                                 Depository Participants eligible to accept Bid cum Application Forms are
                                 available on the websites of the Stock Exchange i.e. www.bseindia.com.
Designated Date                  The date on which funds are transferred from the Escrow Account(s) and the
                                 amounts blocked by the SCSBs are transferred from the ASBA Accounts, as
                                 the case may be, to the Public Issue Account or the Refund Account, as
                                 appropriate, in terms of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, after finalization
                                 of the Basis of Allotment in consultation with the Designated Stock
                                 Exchange, following which the Board of Directors may Allot Equity Shares
                                 to successful Bidders in the Issue.
Designated SCSB Branches         Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms (other than
                                 ASBA Forms submitted by UPI applicants where the Application Amount
                                 will be blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by such UPI
                                 applicants using the UPI Mechanism), a list of which is available on the
                                 website of SEBI at http://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/home/list/5/33/0/0/
                                 Recognized Intermediaries or at such other website as may be prescribed by
                                 SEBI from time to time.
Designated RTA Locations         Such locations of the RTAs where bidder can submit the Bid cum
                                 Application Forms to RTAs. The details of such Designated RTA Locations,
                                 along with names and contact details of the RTAs eligible to accept Bid cum
                                 Application Forms are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange i.e.
                                 www.bseindia.com
Designated     Intermediaries/   An SCSBs with whom the bank account to be blocked, is maintained, a
Collecting Agents                syndicate member (or sub-syndicate member), a Stockbroker registered with
                                 recognized Stock Exchange, a Depository Participant, a registrar to an offer
                                 and share transfer agent (RTA) (whose names is mentioned on website of the
                                 stock exchange as eligible for this activity).
Depository Participant           A Depository Participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996.
Designated Stock Exchange        BSE Limited.
DP ID                            Depository Participant’s Identity Number.
Draft Abridged Prospectus        The memorandum dated May 15, 2026 containing such salient features of
                                 this Draft Red Herring Prospectus as may be specified by SEBI in this regard
Draft Red Herring Prospectus     This Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated May 15, 2026 issued in accordance
                                 with Section 26 & 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (ICDR)
                                 Regulations.
Electronic Transfer of Funds     Refunds through NACH, NEFT, Direct Credit or RTGS as applicable.
Eligible NRI                     A Non-Resident Indian in a jurisdiction outside India where it is not unlawful
                                 to make an offer or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom this
                                 Draft Red Herring Prospectus will constitute an invitation to subscribe for
                                 the Equity Shares.
Eligible QFIs                    QFIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make
                                 an Issue or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Prospectus
                                 constitutes an invitation to purchase the Equity Shares Issued thereby and
                                 who have opened demat accounts with SEBI registered qualified depositary
                                 participants.


                                                      7
Terms                                Description
Escrow Account(s)                    The account(s) to be opened with the Escrow Collection Bank and in whose
                                     favour the Anchor Investors will transfer money through NACH/direct
                                     credit/ NEFT/ RTGS in respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a Bid.
Escrow Collection Bank               The bank(s) with whom the Escrow Account(s) shall be opened for collection
                                     of Bid Amounts from Anchor Investors, in this case being [●], and who have
                                     been appointed pursuant to the Public Issue Account Agreement in
                                     accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations
FII/ Foreign Institutional           Foreign Institutional Investor as defined under SEBI (Foreign Institutional
Investors                            Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended registered with SEBI under
                                     applicable laws in India.
First Bidder/ Applicant/             Bidder(s) whose name shall be mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form
Bidders                              or the Revision Form and in case of joint bids, whose name shall also appear
                                     as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names.
Floor Price                          The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision(s) thereto, at or
                                     above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be
                                     finalised and below which no Bids will be accepted.
Foreign       Venture      Capital   Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with SEBI under the SEBI
Investors                            (Foreign Venture Capital Investor) Regulations, 2000.
Fraudulent Borrower                  Fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1) (lll) of the SEBI
                                     (ICDR) Regulations.
FPI/Foreign Portfolio Investor       A Foreign Portfolio Investor who has been registered under Securities and
                                     Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014,
                                     provided that any FII or QFI who holds a valid certificate of registration shall
                                     be deemed to be a foreign portfolio investor till the expiry of the block of
                                     three years for which fees have been paid as per the SEBI (Foreign
                                     Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended.
Fresh Issue                          The Fresh Issue of up to 25,00,000 Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹[●]
                                     Lakhs.
Fugitive Economic Offender           An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12
                                     of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.
General Corporate Purposes           Include such identified purposes for which no specific amount is allocated or
                                     any amount so specified towards general corporate purpose or any such
                                     purpose by whatever name called, in the Offer document. Provided that any
                                     issue related expenses shall not be considered as a part of general corporate
                                     purpose merely because no specific amount has been allocated for such
                                     expenses in the Offer document.
General Information Document         The General Information Document for investing in public issues prepared
(GID)                                and issued in accordance with the SEBI circular no.
                                     SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 dated March 17, 2020 and the UPI
                                     Circulars, as amended from time to time. The General Information Document
                                     shall be available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Book
                                     Running Lead Manager.
GIR Number                           General Index Registry Number
Individual Bidders/ Individual       Individual Bidders who applies for minimum application size for two lots.
Investors                            Provided that the minimum application size shall be above ₹2,00,000
                                     (including HUFs applying through their Karta and Eligible NRIs and does
                                     not include NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).
IPO/ Issue/ Issue Size/ Public       The Initial Public Offer of up to 25,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10
Issue/ Issue/ Offer                  each for cash at a price of ₹[●] per Equity shares aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs
Individual Investor                  The portion of the Issue being not less than 35% of the Net Issue, consisting
Portion                              of [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each, available for allocation to
                                     Individual Bidders.


                                                          8
Terms                             Description
Issue Agreement                   The agreement dated March 24, 2026 amongst our Company and the Book
                                  Running Lead Manager, pursuant to which certain arrangements are agreed
                                  to in relation to the Issue.
Issue Closing                     The date after which the Book Running Lead Manager, Syndicate Member,
                                  Designated Branches of SCSBs and Registered Brokers will not accept any
                                  Application for this Issue, which shall be notified in all editions of English
                                  national newspaper [●], all editions of Hindi national newspaper [●] and
                                  Telugu editions of regional daily newspaper [●] where the registered office
                                  of the Company is situated, each with wide circulation as required under the
                                  SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
Issue  Document/         Offer    Issue/ Offer Document includes Draft Red Herring Prospectus / Red Herring
Document                          Prospectus /Prospectus.
Issue Opening                     The date on which the Book Running Lead Manager, Syndicate Member,
                                  Designated Branches of SCSBs and Registered Brokers shall start accepting
                                  Application for this Issue, which shall be the date notified in all editions of
                                  English national newspaper [●], all editions of Hindi national newspaper [●]
                                  and Telugu editions of regional daily newspaper [●] where the registered
                                  office of the Company is situated, each with wide circulation as required
                                  under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
Issue Period                      The periods between the Issue Opening Date and the Issue Closing Date
                                  inclusive of both days and during which prospective Applicants may submit
                                  their Bidding application.
Issue Price                       ₹ [●] per Equity Share, the final price (within the Price Band) at which Equity
                                  Shares will be Allotted to ASBA Bidders in terms of the Red Herring
                                  Prospectus and the Prospectus. Equity Shares will be Allotted to Anchor
                                  Investors at the Anchor Investor Issue Price in terms of the Red Herring
                                  Prospectus. The Issue Price will be decided by our Company, in consultation
                                  with the BRLM on the Pricing Date in accordance with the Book Building
                                  Process and the Red Herring Prospectus.
Issue Proceeds                    Proceeds to be raised by our Company through this Fresh Issue, for further
                                  details please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue” beginning on
                                  page 99 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Life Insurance Companies/         An insurance company registered with the Insurance Regulatory and
Insurance Companies               Development Authority of India ('IRDAI') under the Insurance Act, 1938, as
                                  amended, and carrying on the business of life insurance in India.
Listing Agreement                 The Equity Listing Agreement to be signed between our Company and BSE
                                  Limited.
Market Making Agreement           The Market Making Agreement dated [●] between our Company, Book
                                  Running Lead Manager and Market Maker.
Market Maker                      The Market Maker to the Issue, in this case being [●].
Market    Maker     Reservation   The reserved portion of [●] Equity Shares of ₹10/- each at an Issue price of
Portion                           ₹ [●] each aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs to be subscribed by Market Maker in
                                  this Issue.
Mobile App(s)                     The mobile applications listed on the website of SEBI at
                                  https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=y
                                  es&intmId=43 or such other website as may be updated from time to time,
                                  which may be used by IIs to submit Bids using the UPI Mechanism.
Mutual Funds                      A mutual fund registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Mutual Funds)
                                  Regulations, 1996, as amended from time to time.
Minimum              Promoters    Aggregate of 20% of the fully diluted post-Issue equity share capital of our
Contribution                      Company that is eligible to form part of the minimum promoters’
                                  contribution, as required under the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations,
                                  held by our Promoter that shall be locked-in for a period of three years from

                                                       9
Terms                           Description
                                the date of Allotment.

NBFC                            Non-Banking Financial Company
Net Issue                       The Issue excluding the Market Maker Reservation Portion of [●] Equity
                                Shares of Face Value of ₹10/- each fully paid for cash at a price of ₹[●]
                                Equity Share aggregating ₹[●] Lakhs by our Company.
Net Proceeds                    The proceeds from the Fresh Issue less the Issue related expenses applicable
                                to the Fresh Issue. For further information about use of the Issue Proceeds
                                and the Issue expenses, please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the
                                Issue” beginning on page 99 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Net QIB Portion                 The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allocated
                                to the Anchor Investors.
Non-Institutional Applicant /   All Applicants, including FPIs which are individuals, corporate bodies and
Investors                       family offices, that are not QIBs or IIs and who have Application for Equity
                                Shares for an amount of more than ₹ 2.00 Lakhs (but not including NRIs
                                other than Eligible NRIs.)
Non-Institutional Portion       The portion of the Issue being not more than 15% of the Issue, consisting of
                                [●] Equity Shares, which shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional
                                Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid
                                Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, out of which i) one third shall
                                be reserved for Bidders with Bids exceeding ₹ 2.00 lakhs up to ₹ 10.00 lakhs;
                                and ii) two-thirds shall be reserved for Bidders with Bids exceeding ₹ 10.00
                                lakhs.
                                Provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-categories
                                specified in clauses (i) or (ii), may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub-
                                category of Non-Institutional Bidders.
Non-Resident                    A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes NRIs,
                                FPIs and FVCIs.
NPCI                            NPCI, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) initiative, is an umbrella organization
                                for all retail payments in India. It has been set up with the guidance and
                                support of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Indian Banks Association
                                (IBA).
Pay-in-Period                   The period commencing on the Bid/Issue Opening date and extended till the
                                closure of the Anchor Investor Pay-in-Date.
Payment through electronic      Payment through NECS, NEFT or Direct Credit, as applicable.
transfer of funds
Person/Persons                  Any individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association,
                                unincorporated organization, body corporate, corporation, company,
                                partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, or trust or any other
                                entity or organization validly constituted and/or incorporated in the
                                jurisdiction in which it exists and operates, as the context requires.
Pension Fund(s)                 A pension fund regulated by the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development
                                Authority ('PFRDA') under the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development
                                Authority Act, 2013, as amended.
Price Band                      Price Band of a minimum price (Floor Price) of ₹[●] and the maximum price
                                (Cap Price) of ₹[●]. The Price Band will be decided by our Company in
                                consultation with the BRLM and advertised in all editions of English national
                                newspaper [●], all editions of Hindi national newspaper [●] and Telugu
                                editions of regional daily newspaper [●] where the registered office of the
                                Company is situated, wide circulation at least two working days prior to the
                                Bid / Issue Opening Date.
Prospectus                      The Prospectus to be filed with the RoC in accordance with the Companies
                                Act, 2013, and the SEBI ICDR Regulations containing, inter alia, the Issue

                                                     10
Terms                              Description
                                   Price that is determined at the end of the Book Building Process, the size of
                                   the Issue and certain other information, including any addenda or corrigenda
                                   thereto.
Public Financial Institution       A public financial institution as defined under Section 2(72) of the
                                   Companies Act, 2013.
Public Issue Account               An Account of the Company under Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013
                                   where the funds shall be transferred by the SCSBs from bank accounts of the
                                   ASBA Investors.
Public    Issue        Account     Agreement to be entered into by our Company, the Registrar to the Issue, the
Agreement                          Book Running Lead Manager, and the Public Issue Bank/ Bankers to the
                                   Issue for collection of the Application Amounts.
Pricing Date                       The date on which our Company, in consultation with the Book Running
                                   Lead Manager, will finalize the Issue Price.
Qualified Institutional Buyers /   The qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the
QIBs                               SEBI ICDR Regulations.
QIB Portion                        The portion of the Net Issue (including the Anchor Investor Portion) being
                                   not more than 50% of the Net Issue, consisting of [●] Equity Shares
                                   aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs which shall be Allotted to QIBs (including Anchor
                                   Investors) on a proportionate basis, including the Anchor Investor Portion (in
                                   which allocation shall be on a discretionary basis, as determined by our
                                   Company in consultation with the BRLM), subject to valid Bids being
                                   received at or above the Issue Price or Anchor Investor Issue Price (for
                                   Anchor Investors).
Red Herring Prospectus/RHP         The Red Herring Prospectus dated [●] issued in accordance with Section 32
                                   of the Companies Act, 2013 and the provisions of the SEBI ICDR
                                   Regulations, which does not have complete particulars of the price at which
                                   the Equity Shares will be issued and the size of the Issue, including any
                                   addenda or corrigenda thereto.
Registered Brokers                 Stockbrokers registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board
                                   of India (Stock Brokers) Regulations, 1992 and the stock exchanges having
                                   nationwide terminals, other than the Members of the Syndicate and having
                                   terminals at any of the Broker Centres and eligible to procure Applications
                                   in terms of Circular no. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-POD2/I/4518/2026
                                   dated February 09, 2026 and the UPI Circulars issued by SEBI.
Refund Account                     The ‘no-lien’ and ‘non-interest bearing’ account opened with the Refund
                                   Bank, from which refunds, if any, of the whole or part, of the Bid Amount to
                                   the Anchor Investors shall be made.
Refund    Bank(s)      /Refund     Bank(s) which is / are clearing member(s) and registered with the SEBI as
Banker(s)                          Bankers to the Issue at which the Refund Accounts will be opened in case
                                   listing of the Equity Shares does not occur, in this case being [●].
Registrar Agreement                The agreement dated March 17, 2026 among our Company and the Registrar
                                   to the Issue in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar
                                   to the Issue pertaining to the Issue.
Registrar/Registrar to the Issue   Registrar to the Issue being KFIN Technologies Limited.
and/or Share Transfer Agent.
Regulations                        Unless the context specifies something else, this means the SEBI (Issue of
                                   Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018.
Revision Form                      Form used by the Bidders to modify the quantity of the Equity Shares or the
                                   Bid Amount in any of their Bid cum Application Forms or any previous
                                   Revision Form(s), as applicable. Any of the Bidders are not allowed to
                                   withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the
                                   Bid Amount) at any stage.
Reserved Category/ Categories      Categories of persons eligible for making bid under reservation portion.

                                                        11
Terms                            Description
Reservation Portion              The portion of the Issue reserved for category of eligible bidders as provided
                                 under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time.
SEBI SCORES                      Securities and Exchange Board of India Complaints Redress System.
SEBI Master Circular             The SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-POD2/I/4518/2026
                                 dated February 09, 2026
Securities laws                  Refers to the Act, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the
                                 Depositories Act, 1996 and the rules and regulations made thereunder and
                                 the general or special orders, guidelines or circulars made or issued by the
                                 Board thereunder and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any
                                 previous company law and any subordinate legislation framed thereunder,
                                 which are administered by the Board.
Self-Certified     Syndicate     The banks registered with SEBI, offering services in relation to ASBA (other
Bank(s) or SCSB(s)               than through UPI Mechanism), a list of which is available on the
                                 website                     of                   SEBI                     at
                                 www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&int
                                 mId=34                                                                    or
                                 www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&int
                                 mId=35 , as applicable, or such other website as updated from time to time,
                                 and (ii) The banks registered with SEBI, enabled for UPI Mechanism, a list
                                 of    which is Available           on the       website     of    SEBI at
                                 www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&int
                                 mId=4 or such other website as updated from time to time.
SME Exchange                     “SME Exchange” means a trading platform of a recognized stock exchange
                                 having nationwide trading terminals permitted by the SEBI to list the
                                 specified securities issued in accordance with Chapter IX of the SEBI ICDR
                                 Regulations and includes a stock exchange granted recognition for this
                                 purpose but does not include the Main Board.
Specified Locations              Bidding centres where the Syndicate shall accept ASBA Forms from
                                 Applicants, a list of which will be included in the Application Form.
Sponsor Bank                     The Bankers to the Issue registered with SEBI and appointed by our
                                 Company to act as a conduit between the Stock Exchanges and the NPCI in
                                 order to push the mandate collect requests and / or payment instructions of
                                 the Individual Bidders into the UPI and carry out other responsibilities, in
                                 terms of the UPI Circulars, being [●].
Stock Exchange                   BSE Limited
Syndicate or the members of      Syndicate Member" means the intermediaries registered with SEBI who are
the Syndicate                    permitted to carry out activities as an underwriter, in this case being [●],
                                 appointed pursuant to the Syndicate Agreement.
Syndicate Agreement              The agreement dated [●] entered into amongst our Company, the Book
                                 Running Lead Manager, and the Syndicate Member(s) in relation to the
                                 collection of Bids in this Issue.
Systemically Important Non-      Systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under
Banking Financial Companies      Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Transaction Registration Slip/   The slip or document issued by a member of the Syndicate or an SCSB (only
TRS                              on demand), as the case may be, to the bidders, as proof of registration of the
                                 bid.
Underwriter                      [●]

Underwriting Agreement           The Agreement entered into between the Underwriter and our Company
                                 dated [●].
UPI                              Unified Payment Interface, which is an instant payment mechanism,
                                 developed by NPCI.


                                                     12
Terms                        Description
UPI Bidders(s)               Collectively, individual investors applying as (i) Individual Bidders in the
                             Individual Investor Portion, and (ii) Non- Institutional Bidders with an
                             application size of up to ₹5.00 Lakhs in the Non-Institutional Portion, and
                             Bidding under the UPI Mechanism through ASBA Form(s) submitted with
                             Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, Collecting Depository Participants
                             and Registrar and Share Transfer Agents.

                             Pursuant to SEBI ICDR Master circular, all individual investors applying in
                             public issues where the application amount is up to ₹5.00 Lakhs shall use
                             UPI and shall provide their UPI ID in the application form submitted with:
                             (i) a syndicate member, (ii) a stock broker registered with a recognized stock
                             exchange (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as
                             eligible for such activity), (iii) a depository participant (whose name is
                             mentioned on the websites of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity),
                             and (iv) a registrar to an issue and share transfer agent (whose name is
                             mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity).
UPI Circulars                SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019
                             (to the extent such circular is not rescinded by the SEBI RTA Master
                             Circular,    as     applicable     to     RTA),       SEBI    circular   no.
                             SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31, 2021, SEBI RTA
                             Master Circular (to the extent that it pertains to the UPI Mechanism), SEBI
                             ICDR Master Circular, along with the circulars issued by the Stock
                             Exchanges in this regard, including the circular issued by the NSE having
                             reference no. 25/2022 dated August 3, 2022, and the circular issued by BSE
                             having reference no. 20220803-40 dated August 3, 2022 and any subsequent
                             circulars or notifications issued by SEBI or the Stock Exchanges in this
                             regard.
UPI ID Linked Bank Account   Account of the Individual Investor, applying in the Issue using the UPI
                             mechanism, which will be blocked upon accepting the UPI mandate to the
                             extent of the appropriate application amount and subsequent debit of funds
                             in the case of allotment.
UPI ID                       ID created on UPI for single-window mobile payment system developed by
                             the NPCI.
UPI Mandate Request          A request (intimating the Individual Bidder by way of a notification on the
                             Mobile App and by way of a SMS directing the Individual Bidder to such
                             Mobile App) to the Individual Bidder initiated by the Sponsor Bank to
                             authorize blocking of funds on the Mobile App equivalent to Bid Amount
                             and Subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment.
UPI Mechanism                The bidding mechanism that may be used by a IIs to make a Bid in the Issue
                             in accordance with the UPI Circulars.
UPI PIN                      Password to authenticate UPI transactions.
Wilful Defaulter             Wilful defaulter as defined under Regulation 2(1) (lll) of the SEBI ICDR
                             Regulations.
Working Day(s)               In accordance with Regulation 2(1)(mmm) of SEBI ICDR Regulation,
                             working day means all days on which commercial banks in the city as
                             specified in the Red Herring Prospectus are open for business: -
                             1. However, in respect of announcement of price band and Issue Period,
                             working day shall mean all days, excluding Saturday, Sundays and Public
                             holidays, on which commercial banks in the city as notified in this Draft Red
                             Herring Prospectus are open for business.
                             2. In respect to the time period between the Issue closing date and the listing
                             of the specified securities on the stock exchange, working day shall mean all
                             trading days of the Stock Exchanges, excluding Sundays and bank holiday in
                             accordance with circular issued by SEBI.


                                                 13
COMPANY AND INDUSTRY RELATED TERMS

Term                                Description
Articles/Articles             of    The articles of association of our Company, as amended from time to time.
Association/AOA
Audit Committee                     The audit committee of our Company constituted in accordance with Section
                                    177 of the Companies Act, 2013. For details pertaining to the constitution of
                                    Audit Committee, please refer to the chapter titled “Management” beginning
                                    on page 207 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Auditor / Statutory Auditor/        Statutory and peer review auditor of our Company, namely, J Singh &
Peer Review Auditor                 Associates.
Ayurvedic                           Shall mean Ayurveda, the traditional system of medicine originating in India,
                                    based on holistic principles of health and wellness, and involving the use of
                                    natural herbs, formulations, dietary practices, and lifestyle measures for the
                                    prevention and treatment of ailments.
Bankers to the Company              The Cosmos Co-operative Bank Limited and IDFC First Bank.
Board of        Directors/          Unless otherwise specified, The Board of Directors of our Company, as duly
The Board/ Our Board                constituted from time to time, including any committee(s) thereof.
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)       The Chief Financial officer of our Company being Krishna Kanth Sarda.
Companies Act/ Act                  The Companies Act, 2013 and amendments thereto and erstwhile Companies
                                    Act 1956 as applicable
Corporate          Identification   Corporate Identification         Number      of     our     Company       i.e.
Number / CIN                        U24110TG2022PLC163732.
Classical             Ayurvedic     Products manufactured in accordance with the formulae and processes
Formulations                        described in the authoritative Ayurvedic texts and the Ayurvedic Formulary
                                    of India, as notified by the Ministry of AYUSH and regulated under the
                                    Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940.
Company         Secretary           The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company, being
and Compliance Officer (CS)         Pooja Biyani.
CSR Committee/ Corporate            The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors
Social      Responsibility          constituted in accordance with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013. For
Committee                           more details, please refer to the chapter titled “Management” beginning on
                                    page 207 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Depositories Act                    The Depositories Act, 1996, as amended from time to time.
Director(s)/our directors           The Director(s) of our Company, unless otherwise specified. For details of
                                    our directors, please refer to the chapter titled “Management” beginning on
                                    page 207 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Depository Participant/ DP          A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act
DP ID                               Depository’s Participant’s Identity Number
Equity Shareholders                 Persons/ Entities holding Equity Shares of Our Company.
Equity Shares                       Equity Shares of our Company of face value of ₹ 10/- each unless otherwise
                                    specified in the context thereof.
Executive Director(s)               Executive Directors shall include Managing Director of our Company, as
                                    described in the chapter titled “Management” beginning on page 207 of this
                                    Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Factory     /   Manufacturing       Shall refer to Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park,
Facility                            Cherlapally, Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal, Hyderabad-500051, Telangana,
                                    India.
Fugitive economic offender          Shall mean an individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under
                                    section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018)


                                                        14
Term                             Description
HACCP                            Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points / HACCP — A systematic
                                 preventive approach to food safety and product safety that addresses
                                 physical, chemical, and biological hazards as a means of prevention rather
                                 than finished-product inspection, as per the Codex Alimentarius Commission
                                 guidelines, certification for which our Company has received from Quality
                                 Conformity Systems (QCS).
Independent Director             An Independent Director as defined under Section 2(47) of the Companies
                                 Act, 2013 and as defined under the Listing Regulations. For details of our
                                 Independent Directors, please refer to the chapter titled “Management”
                                 beginning on page 207 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus
GMP / Good Manufacturing         Good Manufacturing Practice / GMP — The system of quality assurance
Practice                         aimed at ensuring that products are consistently produced and controlled
                                 according to quality standards, as prescribed under Schedule T of the Drugs
                                 and Cosmetics Rules, 1945 for Ayurvedic products, and under relevant
                                 FSSAI regulations for nutraceutical/food supplement products, as applicable
Indian GAAP                      Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India
Infomerics                       Infomerics Analytics and Research Private Limited
Infomerics Report / Industry     Industry report titled “Blending Nature and Science: Nutraceuticals and
Report / Blending Nature and     Ayurveda Industry” dated May 15, 2026, issued by Informerics, pursuant to
Science : Nutraceuticals and     an engagement letter with Infomerics Analytics and Research Private
Ayurveda Industry Report         Limited dated November 11, 2025. The Informerics Report shall be available
                                 on the website of our Company at www.himalayanutravedics.com. The
                                 Informerics Report has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in
                                 connection with the Issue.
International       Securities   International Securities Identification Number in this case being
Identification Number / ISIN     INE1OTR01013.
Ind AS                           Indian Accounting Standard
Ind GAAP                         Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India
JV / Joint Venture               A commercial enterprise undertaken jointly by two or more parties which
                                 otherwise retain their distinct identities.
Key Managerial Personnel/        Key Management Personnel of our Company in terms of Regulation 2(1)(bb)
Key            Managerial        of the SEBI Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013. For details, please
Employees/KMPs                   refer to the chapter titled “Management” beginning on page 207 of this Draft
                                 Red Herring Prospectus
Limited Liability Partnership/   A limited liability partnership incorporated under the Limited Liability
LLP                              Partnership Act, 2008
Managing Director/MD             The Managing Director of our Company being Rohit Asawa.
Materiality Policy               The policy adopted by our Board on May 07, 2026 for identification of: (a)
                                 outstanding material litigation proceedings, (b) and material creditors,
                                 adopted pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and for
                                 the purposes of disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Red
                                 Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.
Memorandum / Memorandum          Memorandum of Association of our Company as amended from time to time.
of Association / MOA
Nomination and Remuneration      The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of our Board of Directors
Committee                        constituted in accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013. For
                                 more details, please refer to the chapter titled “Management” beginning on
                                 page 207 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Non-Executive Directors          Non-Executive Director on our Board. For details of our Non-Executive
                                 Directors, please refer to the chapter titled “Management” beginning on page
                                 207 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.



                                                     15
Term                                Description
Non-Residents /NRIs                 NRIs / Non-Resident Indians A person resident outside India, as defined
                                    under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and who is a citizen of India
                                    or a Person of Indian Origin under Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer
                                    or Issue of Security by a Person Resident Outside India) Regulations, 2000.
Person or Persons                   Any individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association,
                                    unincorporated organization, body corporate, corporation, company,
                                    partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, or trust or any other
                                    entity or organization validly constituted and/or incorporated in the
                                    jurisdiction in which it exists and operates, as the context requires
RBI Act                             The Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as amended from time to time.
Registered     and     Corporate    Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park, Cherlapally,
Office                              Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal, Hyderabad-500051, Telangana, India, 500051
Restated Financial Statements/      The Restated Financial Information of our Company, which comprises the
Restated Financial Information      Restated Statement of assets and liabilities, the Restated Statement of profit
                                    and loss, the Restated Statement of cash flows for the financial year ended
                                    on March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024 along with the
                                    summary statement of significant accounting policies read together with the
                                    annexures and notes thereto prepared in terms of the requirements of Section
                                    32 of the Companies Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note
                                    on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the ICAI, as
                                    amended from time to time. For details, please refer to the section titled
                                    “Financial Information of the Company” beginning on page 231 of this
                                    Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
ROC / Registrar of Companies        Registrar of Companies, Hyderabad, Telangana.
SMP/ Senior Management              The members of the senior management of our Company in accordance with
                                    Regulation 2(1)(bbbb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and as disclosed
                                    in chapter titled “Management” beginning on page 207.
Stakeholders         Relationship   The Stakeholders Relationship Committee of our Board of Directors
Committee                           constituted in accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013. For
                                    details, please refer to the chapter titled “Management” beginning on page
                                    207 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Trademark Assignment Deed           Trademark Assignment Deed shall mean the trademark assignment deeds
                                    both dated February 06, 2026, executed (i) between M/s Ameya
                                    Pharmaceuticals and Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited, and (ii) between
                                    Mr. Kakarlapudi Krishna Kiran and Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited,
                                    pursuant to which the respective assignors have assigned their rights, title,
                                    and interest in certain trademarks in favour of Himalaya Nutravedics India
                                    Limited.
Trademark Registry                  Trademark Registry means the office of the Trade Marks Registry established
                                    under the Trade Marks Act, 1999, administered by the Controller General of
                                    Patents, Designs and Trade Marks, Government of India.
Third-Party   /         Contract    Third-Party Manufacturing / Contract Manufacturing — The business
Manufacturing                       segment of our Company wherein we manufacture Ayurvedic and
                                    Nutraceutical products for other companies on a contract basis using our
                                    manufacturing facility, under which the intellectual property and brand
                                    ownership of the products vest with the contracting party. Details of this
                                    business segment are set out in the chapter titled “Business Overview”
                                    beginning on page 164 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
WHO-GMP                             WHO-GMP — Good Manufacturing Practice standards as prescribed by the
                                    World Health Organization in its Technical Report Series (TRS 986 Annex
                                    2, as updated), certification against which is granted by accredited
                                    certification bodies. Our manufacturing facility has received WHO-GMP
                                    certification from Quality Conformity Systems (QCS).


                                                        16
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS


Term                         Description
Debt to equity ratio         Dividing total debt by total equity. Total debt represents long-term and short-
                             term borrowings. Total equity is the sum of share capital and reserves &
                             surplus.
EBITDA                       Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, which
                             has been arrived at by obtaining the profit before tax/ (loss) for the year / period
                             and adding back interest cost, depreciation, and amortization expense less other
                             income.
EBITDA Margin                EBITDA as a percentage of Revenue from operations.
PAT Margin                   Profit for the year/period as a percentage of Revenue from Operations.
NAV                          Net worth divided by weighted average number of equity shares outstanding at
                             the end of the year.
Net worth                    The aggregate value of the paid-up share capital and all reserves created out of
                             the profits and securities premium account and debit or credit balance of profit
                             and loss account, after deducting the aggregate value of the accumulated losses,
                             deferred expenditure and miscellaneous expenditure not written off, but does
                             not include reserves created out of revaluation of assets, capital reserve, write-
                             back of depreciation and amalgamation.
Net Profit                   Represents the restated profits of the Company after deducting all expenses.
Revenue from Operations      represents the revenue from sale of product & other operating revenue of our
                             company as recognized in the Restated financial statement.
Return on capital employed   Earnings before interest and taxes divided by capital employed as at the end of
                             respective period/year. (Capital employed calculated as the aggregate value of
                             net worth, total debt and deferred tax liabilities).
Return on equity             Net profit after tax divided by Average Total Equity.
Return on net worth          RoNW has been computed by dividing net profit/loss after tax (excluding
                             exceptional income, if any) as restated, by Net Worth as at the end of the year/
                             period.


ABBREVIATIONS

Term                          Description
₹/Rs. /Rupees/INR             Indian Rupees, the legal currency of the Republic of India.
AIF(s)                        Alternative Investment Funds as defined in and registered with SEBI under the
                              SEBI AIF Regulations
ABDM                          Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission
AI                            Artificial intelligence
AMPS                          AYUSH Manufacturing Promotion Scheme
API                           Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient
ASCI                          Advertising Standards Council of India
AYUSHEXCIL                    Ayush Export Promotion Council
Banking Regulation Act        The Banking Regulation Act, 1949
B2B                           Business-to-Business
B2G                           Business-to-Government
CAGR                          Compound Annual Growth Rate
CDSL                          Central Depository Services (India) Limited
CDSCO                         Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation
CFPI                          Consumer Food Price Index


                                                    17
Term                Description
CIN                 Corporate Identity Number
CME                 Continuing Medical Education
CMIE                Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy
CLRA                The Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970
CPI                 Consumer Price Index
D2C                 Direct-to-Consumer
DIN                 Director Identification Number
EBITDA              Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation, and Amortisation
EPR                 Extended Producer Responsibility
ERP                 Enterprise Resource Planning
FDA                 Food and Drug Administration
FE                  Final Estimates
FMCG                Fast-Moving Consumer Goods
FRE                 First Revised Estimates
FSSAI               Food Safety and Standards Authority of India
FY                  Financial Year
GDP                 Gross Domestic Product
GMO                 Genetically Modified Organism
GNDI                Gross National Disposable Income
GoI                 Government of India
GST                 Goods and Services Tax
GVA                 Gross Value Added
HUF                 Hindu Undivided Family
IC                  Indian Council of Medical Research
ICAI                Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
ICSI                Institute of Company Secretaries of India
IIP                 Index of Industrial Production
IFRS                International Financial Reporting Standard
IMF                 International Monetary Fund
IST                 Indian Standard Time
IoT                 Internet of Things
ISO                 International Organization for Standardization
IT                  Information Technology
I.T. Act            Income Tax Act, 1961, as amended from time to time
LFPR                Labour Force Participation Rate
Ministry of AYUSH   Ministry of Ayurveda, Yoga & Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy
MCA                 Ministry of Corporate Affairs
MOSPI               Ministry of Statistics & Programme Implementation
MSMEs               Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprises
NAM                 National AYUSH Mission
NIN                 National Institute of Nutrition
NRDC                National Research Development Corporation


                                         18
Term                            Description
OTC                             Over-The-Counter
PAT                             Profit after Tax
PE                              Provisional Estimates
PFCE                            Private Final Consumption Expenditure
PLI                             Production-Linked Incentive
PLFS                            Periodic Labour Force Survey
PMFME                           PM Formalisation of Micro Food Processing Enterprises
PMFME                           Pradhan Mantri Formalisation of Micro Food Processing Enterprises
PMKSY                           Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana
PPP                             Purchasing Power Parity
QCI                             Quality Council of India
QR Codes                        Quick Response Codes
R&D                             Research and Development
RoC                             Registrar of Companies
RoDTEP                          Remission of Duties and Taxes on Exported Products
RONW                            Return on Net Worth
ROCE                            Return on Capital Employed
RTD                             Ready to Drink
SAT                             Securities Appellate Tribunal
SCRA                            Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, as amended from time to time
SCRR                            Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended from time to time
SCSBs                           Self-Certified Syndicate Banks
SEBI                            The Securities and Exchange Board of India, constituted under section 3 of the
                                SEBI Act.
SEBI Act                        Securities and Exchange Board of India Act 1992, as amended from time to
                                time
SEBI AIF Regulations            The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternative Investment Funds)
                                Regulations, 2012
SEBI FPI Regulations            The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors)
                                Regulations, 2019.
SEBI FVCI Regulations           The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Venture Capital
                                Investor) Regulations, 2000
SEBI ICDR Regulations           The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and
                                Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018
SEBI ICDR Master Circular       The SEBI master circular number SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-
                                POD2/I/4518/2026 issued on June 21, 2023 and updated on February 9, 2026
SEBI Listing Regulations        The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
                                Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
SEBI     Merchant      Bankers The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers)
Regulations                    Regulations, 1992
SEBI      Insider      Trading The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)
Regulations                    Regulations, 2015
SEBI RTA Master Circular        The SEBI master circular bearing    number
                                SEBI/HO/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD- POD/I/4298/2026 dated February 6, 2026
SEBI SBEBSE Regulations         The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits


                                                    19
Term                          Description
                              and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021
SEBI Takeover Regulations      The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of
                               Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011
SEBI VCF Regulations           The erstwhile Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital
                               Funds) Regulations, 1996
Sec.                           Section
SME                            Small and Medium Enterprises
TPD                            Tonnes Per Day
$/ U.S. $/ USD                 United States Dollar
WEO                            World Economic Outlook
WHO                            World Health Organization




                       (The remainder of this page is intentionally kept left blank)




                                                      20
   CERTAIN CONVENTIONS, USE OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND MARKET DATA AND
                         CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION

CERTAIN CONVENTIONS

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, the “Company”, “our Company”, unless the
context otherwise indicates or implies, refers to Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited. All references in the Draft
Red Herring Prospectus to “India” are to the Republic of India. All references in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus
to the “U.S.”, “USA” or “United States” are to the United States of America.

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, all references to “India”, unless the context otherwise indicates or implies,
refers to the Republic of India and its territories and possessions and all references herein to the “Government”,
“Indian Government”, “GoI”, Central Government” or the “State Government” are to the Government of India,
central or state, as applicable. Unless otherwise specified, any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus
is in Indian Standard Time (“IST”). Unless indicated otherwise, all references to a year in this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus are to a calendar year.

Unless stated otherwise, all references to page numbers in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are to the page
numbers of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has presented
numerical information in “lakhs” units. One lakh represents 1,00,000.

USE OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the financial information in this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus has been derived from our Restated Financial Statements. Our Company’s financial year commences
on April 01 of the immediately preceding calendar year and ends on March 31 of that particular year. Accordingly,
all references to a particular financial year or fiscal, unless stated otherwise, are to the twelve (12) month period
ended on March 31 of that calendar year.

The Restated Financial Statements of our Company for the Financial Years ended March 31, 2026, March 31,
2025 and March 31, 2024. These comprises of restated summary statement of assets and liabilities, the restated
summary statement of profit and loss, the restated summary statement of cash flow, together with the notes to the
restated summary statements (collectively, the Restated Financial Statements). These statements are compiled
from the Indian GAAP financial statements for respective period/year and in accordance with the requirements
provided under the provisions of the Companies Act, SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports
in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019)” issued by ICAI, as amended from time to time.

There are significant differences between Ind AS, Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS. Our Company does not
Provide reconciliation of its financial information to IFRS or U.S. GAAP. Our Company has not attempted to
explain those differences or quantify their impact on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus and it is urged that you consult your own advisors regarding such differences and their impact on our
financial data. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial information included in this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with
Indian accounting policies and practices, the Companies Act, Ind AS, the Indian GAAP and the SEBI ICDR
Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting policies and practices on the financial
disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should, accordingly, be limited.

Unless the context otherwise indicates, any percentage amounts, as set forth in “Risk Factors”, “Business
Overview” and “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Result of Operations”
beginning on pages 26, 164 and 236 respectively, of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and elsewhere in this
Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been calculated on the basis of the Restated Financial Statements of our
Company, prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, and the Companies Act and restated in accordance with
the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between the total and the sums of the amounts
listed are due to rounding off. All figures in decimals have been rounded off to the second decimal and all the
percentage figures have been rounded off to two decimal places including percentage figures in “Risk Factors” ,
“Industry Overview” and “Business Overview” beginning on pages 26, 125 and 164 respectively, of this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus


                                                         21
NON-GAAP MEASURES

Certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial
performance like EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, PAT Margin, Net Asset Value Per Share, Return on Net worth, Net
worth, Return on Capital Employed and others (“Non-GAAP Measures”), have been included in this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such Non-GAAP Measures and such other statistical information
relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our
business and financial performance. These Non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental measures of our
performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS
or US GAAP. Further, these Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or construed as
an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years/ period or any other measure of financial performance or
as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating,
investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. In addition,
these Non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized terms, hence a direct comparison of these Non-GAAP
financial measures between companies may not be possible. These Non-GAAP Measures and other statistical and
other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any
standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial
measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other
companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be
comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies and hence have limited usefulness as a
comparative measure. These Non-GAAP Financial Measures and other statistical and operational information
have been reconciled to their nearest GAAP measure in chapters titled “Business Overview”, “Other Financial
Information” and “Capitalisation Statement” beginning on pages 164, 232 and 233, respectively of this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus.

INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA

Unless stated otherwise, the industry and market data and forecasts used throughout this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus has been obtained from industry sources as well as Government Publications. Industry sources as well
as Government Publications generally state that the information contained in those publications has been obtained
from sources believed to be reliable but that their accuracy and completeness and underlying assumptions are not
guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured.

Further, the extent to which the industry and market data presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is
meaningful depends on the reader’s familiarity with and understanding of the methodologies used in compiling
such data. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business,
and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources.

The extent to which the market and industry data used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful depends
on the reader’s familiarity with and understanding of the methodologies used in compiling such data. There are
no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which the business of our Company is conducted, and
methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources. Accordingly, investment
decisions should not be based solely on such information.

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, “Basis for Issue Price” on page 99 of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus includes information relating to our peer group entities. Such information has been derived from
publicly available sources, and neither we, nor the BRLM have independently verified such information. Such
data involves risks, uncertainties and numerous assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors,
including those discussed in “Risk Factors” on page 26 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

EXCHANGE RATES

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus may contain conversions of certain other currency amounts into Indian Rupees
that have been presented solely to comply with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. These conversions should
not be construed as a representation that these currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into Indian
Rupees, at any particular rate or at all.

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information with respect to the exchange rate between
the Indian Rupee and other foreign currencies:



                                                        22
   Currency                                                     Exchange Rate as on
                                 March 31, 2026                 March 31, 2025             March 31, 2024

 1 USD                       93.45                              85.58                       83.37
Source: www.fbil.org.in and www.rbi.org.in

Note: If the reference rate is not available on a particular date due to a public holiday, exchange rates of the previous
Working Day has been disclosed. Exchange rate is rounded off to two decimal places.

CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION

All references to “Rupees”, “Rs”, “INR” or “₹” are to Indian National Rupee, the official currency of the Republic
of India. All references to “US$”, “U.S. Dollar”, “USD” or “$” are to United States Dollars, the official currency
of the United States of America.

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has presented certain numerical information. All figures have
been expressed in thousand and / or Lakhs, except where specifically indicated. One lakh represents 1,00,000.
Ten Lakhs represent 10,00,000 and one crore represents 1,00,00,000. However, where any figures that may have
been sourced from third party industry sources are expressed in denominations other than Lakhs in their respective
sources, such figures appear in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus expressed in such denominations as provided
in such respective sources.

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, all references to one gender also refers
to another gender and the word “Lac / Lakh” means “one hundred thousand.




                           (The remainder of this page has been intentionally kept blank)




                                                           23
                                    FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains certain “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking
statements generally can be identified by words or phrases such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “are likely”
“expect”, “estimate”, “intend”, “objective”, “plan”, “propose”, “project”, “will”, “will continue”, “will
pursue” or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our strategies, objectives,
plans or goals are also forward-looking statements.

All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, expectations and assumptions about us that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statement.
These forward-looking statements, whether made by us or a third party, are based on our current plans, estimates
and expectations and actual results may differ materially from those suggested by such forward-looking
statements.

Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by forward-looking statements due to risks or
uncertainties associated with expectations relating to and including, regulatory changes pertaining to the industries
in India in which we operate and our ability to respond to them, our ability to successfully implement our strategy,
our growth and expansion, technological changes, our exposure to market risks, general economic and political
conditions in India which have an impact on its business activities or investments, the monetary and fiscal policies
of India, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or
other rates or prices, the performance of the financial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic laws,
regulations and taxes and changes in competition in the industries in which we operate.

Certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our Company’s expectations
include, but are not limited to, the following:

•   We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the sale of products in the Ayurvedic products which
    constituted 94.57%, 92.09% and 79.27% of our revenue from operations for the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024,
    respectively. Any reduction in demand for these products could have an adverse effect on our business, results
    of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
•   We are dependent on and derive a substantial portion of our revenue from certain key customers. Revenue
    generated from our top 10 customers accounted for 81.24%, 86.97%, and 84.19% of our revenue from
    operations during the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Loss of relationship with any of these
    customers or delays or reductions in their orders may have an adverse effect on our business, results of
    operations, financial condition and cash flows.
•   We have historically derived, and may continue to derive, a significant portion of our supply from top 10
    Suppliers.
•   Our profitability may be adversely affected upon the expiry of tax benefits available under Section 80-IAC
    of the Income Tax Act, 1961, as applicable under the existing tax regime, and under Section 140 of the Income
    Tax Act, 2025, upon such new tax regime becoming effective.
•   We operate out of a single Manufacturing Facility, located at Hyderabad, Telangana which exposes our
    operations to potential geographical concentration risks arising from local and regional factors which may
    adversely affect our operations and in turn our business, results of operations and cash flows.
•   Our Company is significantly dependent on the experience, expertise, and continued support of our Promoters
    for the growth and development of our business, and any loss of their involvement could adversely affect our
    operations and future prospects.
•   Our Registered and Corporate Office and Factory is located on the same premise, which is not owned by us
    and has been taken on a long-term lease. Disruption of our rights as lessee or termination of the agreement
    with our lessor may adversely impact our operations and, consequently, our business, financial condition and
    results of operations.
•   There are certain discrepancies/errors/delayed-filings which have occurred in some of our corporate
    secretarial records relating to forms filed with the RoC under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
•   Products returned by Stockists upon expiry may adversely affect our revenues, margins and inventory
    management
•   We do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers and customers, which may expose us to risks relating
    to supply disruptions and loss of business.

For further discussion of factors that could cause the actual results to differ from our estimates and expectations,
please refer to the chapters titled “Risk Factors”, “Business Overview” and “Management Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 26, 164 and 236 respectively,

                                                         24
of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. By their nature, certain market risk disclosures are only estimating and could
be materially different from what actually occurs in the future. As a result, actual gains or losses could materially
differ from those that have been estimated.

We cannot assure investors that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be
correct. Given these uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements and not to regard such statements as a guarantee of future performance.

Forward-looking statements reflects current views as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and are not
a guarantee of future performance. These statements are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions,
which in turn are based on currently available information. Although we believe the assumptions upon which
these forward- looking statements are based are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate,
and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. Neither the Company, the
Directors, the Promoter, the Syndicate nor any of their respective affiliates have any obligation to update or
otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence
of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition.

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company, the Promoters and the Book Running Lead
Manager will ensure that the Bidders in India are informed of material developments until the time of the grant of
listing and trading permission by the Stock Exchange for the Issue.


                         (The remainder of this page has been intentionally kept blank)




                                                         25
                                        SECTION II - RISK FACTORS

An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all
the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below,
before making an investment in our Equity Shares. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must
rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of this Issue including the merits and risks involved.
Any potential investor in, and subscriber of, the Equity Shares should also pay particular attention to the fact that
we are governed in India by a legal and regulatory environment in which some material respects may be different
from that which prevails in other countries. The risks and uncertainties described in this section are not the only
risks and uncertainties we currently face. Additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on our business. If any of the following risks, or other risks that
are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations and
financial condition could suffer, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your
investment. Additionally, our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not
presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial to our operations.
The risk factors set forth below are not exhaustive and do not purport to be complete or comprehensive in terms
of all the risk factors that may arise in connection with our business or any decision to purchase, own or dispose
of the Equity Shares. This section addresses general risks associated with the industry in which we operate and
specific risks associated with our Company. Any of the following risks, individually or together, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, which could result in a decline in the
value of our Equity Shares and the loss of all or part of your investment in our Equity Shares. While we have
described the risks and uncertainties that our management believes are material, these risks and uncertainties
may not be the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those we
currently are not aware of or deem immaterial, may also have an adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and prospects.
This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of
certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
The financial and other related implications of risks concerned, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the
risk factors below. However, there are risk factors the potential effects of which are not quantifiable and therefore
no quantification has been provided with respect to such risk factors. In making an investment decision,
prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Issue, including
the merits and the risks involved. You should not invest in this Issue unless you are prepared to accept the risk of
losing all or part of your investment, and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the
particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares.
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant risk factors set forth below, we are not in a position to specify or quantify
the financial or other implications of any of the risks mentioned herein. Unless otherwise stated, the financial
information of our Company used in this section is derived from our restated financial statements prepared in
accordance with Indian GAAP and the Companies Act and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR
Regulations. To obtain a better understanding, you should read this section in conjunction with the chapters titled
“Business Overview”, “Industry Overview” and “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 164, 125 and 236 respectively, of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus as well as other financial information contained herein.
Materiality
The Risk factors have been determined on the basis of their materiality. The following factors have been
considered for determining the materiality:
1.   Some events may not be material individually but may be found material collectively.
2.   Some events may have material impact qualitatively instead of quantitatively.
3.   Some events may not be material at present but may be having material impact in future.

The financial and other related implications of the risks concerned, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed
in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are risk factors where the impact may not be quantifiable and
hence the same has not been disclosed in such risk factors. For capitalized terms used but not defined in this
chapter, refer to the chapter titled “Definitions and Abbreviations” beginning on page 2 of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus.


                                                         26
     Classification of Risk Factors
     The risk factors are classified as Internal and External for clarity and better understanding.


                                                                                   Business Related

                                                             Internal

                                                                                     Issue Related

                                   Risk

                                                                                        Industry

                                                            External

                                                                                         Other


     Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the industry
     report titled Blending Nature and Science: Nutraceuticals and Ayurveda Industry, dated May 15, 2026 and issued
     by Infomerics Analytics & Research (the “Infomerics Report”), which has been exclusively commissioned and
     paid for by our Company in connection with the Issue pursuant to an engagement letter dated November 11, 2025.
     Infomerics Analytics & Research is an independent agency which has no relationship with our Company, our
     Promoters and any of our Directors or KMPs. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and
     other related information derived from the Infomerics Report and included herein with respect to any particular
     year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. A copy of the Infomerics Report is available on the
     website of our Company at www.himalayanutravedics.com.

     Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial
     or other implications of any of the risks described in this Section. In making an investment decision, prospective
     investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Issue including the merits and
     risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you
     of an investment in our Equity Shares.

     In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between total and sums of the amount listed
     are due to rounding off.

     Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “Our Company” and
     “Himalaya” refer to Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited.

     INTERNAL RISK FACTORS

1.   We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the sale of products in the Ayurvedic products which
     constituted 94.57%, 92.09% and 79.27% of our revenue from operations for the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024,
     respectively. Any reduction in demand for these products could have an adverse effect on our business, results
     of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

     A significant portion of our revenue from operations is derived from the sale of Ayurvedic products, which
     accounted for 94.57%, 92.09% and 79.27% of our revenue from operations for the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024,
     respectively. Our Ayurvedic product portfolio is concentrated across multiple therapeutic areas including but not
     limited to pain management, infertility, women wellness, gut health, neurological support and general wellness.

     The table below sets forth the revenue generated by us from our sales of Ayurvedic products:




                                                              27
                                                                                  (₹ in Lakhs except for percentages)
                                  Fiscal 2026                       Fiscal 2025                 Fiscal 2024
                             Amount      Percent of            Amount      Percent of Amount            Percent of
                                         revenue                           revenue                      revenue
      Particulars*
                                         from                              from                         from
                                         operations                        operations                   operations
                                         (%)                               (%)                          (%)
      Ayurvedic
                               4,072.92           94.57          1,933.50          92.09          1,143.46           79.27
      products
      Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
     dated May 11, 2026.
     A small portion of our revenue is generated from sale and manufacture of nutraceutical products which constituted
     5.43%, 7.91% and 20.73% of our total revenue from operations for the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

     Any reduction in demand or a temporary or permanent discontinuation of manufacturing of products in these
     therapeutic areas could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
     flows. Our revenue from sales of these products may decline as a result of increased market acceptance for our
     competitors’ products instead of ours, breakthroughs in the development of more effective or popular alternative
     products, regulatory action, pricing pressures or fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products. While
     there has not been any fluctuations in demand of our products during the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, any failure
     by us to effectively react to any such situation that may arise, could adversely affect our business, financial
     condition, results of operations and cash flows. For more details on our business operations, kindly refer to the
     chapter titled “Business Overview” beginning on page 164 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

2.   We are dependent on and derive a substantial portion of our revenue from certain key customers. Revenue
     generated from our top 10 customers accounted for 81.24%, 86.97%, and 84.19%, of our revenue from
     operations during the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Loss of relationship with any of these
     customers or delays or reductions in their orders may have an adverse effect on our business, results of
     operations, financial condition and cash flows.

     A significant portion of our revenue is generated from a limited number of customers. The table below sets forth
     the breakdown of revenue derived from our top 10 customers and as a percentage of our total revenue from
     operations for the periods indicated:

                                                                                   (₹ in Lakhs except for percentages)
                                    Fiscal 2026                      Fiscal 2025                  Fiscal 2024
                              Amount       Percent of          Amount       Percent of Amount            Percent of
                                           revenue                          revenue                      revenue
      Customers
                                           from                             from                         from
                                           operations                       operations                   operations
                                           (%)                              (%)                          (%)
      Top 1                     1,551.50         36.02           1,040.18         49.54         620.58          43.02
      Top 3                     2,425.84         56.33           1,576.37         75.08       1,028.51          71.30
      Top 5                     2,825.78         65.61           1,708.85         81.39       1,112.20          77.10
      Top 10                    3,498.75         81.24           1,826.13         86.97       1,214.56          84.19
      Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
     dated May 11, 2026.

     Loss of all or a substantial portion of sales to any of our key customers (including, due to loss of contracts or
     failure to negotiate acceptable terms, loss of market share of these customers, disputes with these customers,
     adverse changes in the financial condition of these customers), could have an adverse impact on our business,
     results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our reliance on a select group of customers may also
     constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial
     performance. Further, since we do not maintain long-term contractual arrangements with our customers, we are
     exposed to the risks of customer cancellations, delays, or order reductions which could also adversely affect our
     business. While we have not experienced any loss of key customers in the past three Fiscals, we cannot assure
     you that it will not occur in the future. For more details on our customers, refer to the chapter titled “Business
     Overview” beginning on page 164 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.



                                                                 28
3.   We have historically derived, and may continue to derive, a significant portion of our supply from top 10
     Suppliers.

     We have not entered into long-term agreements with our suppliers, and as a result, the success of our business is
     significantly dependent on the business terms and conditions with them, which may change in the future based on
     our relationship with them. Our major supply depends upon top 01, 03, 05 and top 10 suppliers which is stated as
     below:

                                                                                  (₹ in Lakhs except for percentages)
                                    Fiscal 2026                      Fiscal 2025                 Fiscal 2024
                              Amount       Share    of         Amount       Share    of Amount          Share     of
      Suppliers                            total                            total                       total
                                           purchase                         purchase                    purchase
                                           (%)                              (%)                         (%)
      Top 1                     1,969.08         62.13             897.55         65.39        609.93          63.14
      Top 3                     2,408.08         75.98           1,144.95         83.41        771.53          79.87
      Top 5                     2,664.26         84.06           1,228.62         89.50        851.16          88.11
      Top 10                    2,988.63         94.30           1,301.89         94.84        940.10          97.32
     Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
     dated May 11, 2026.

     The actual purchases by our Company may differ from the estimates made by our management due to the absence
     of long-term agreements. The loss of one or more of these significant or key suppliers, or a reduction in the amount
     of supplies we obtain from them, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
     condition, and cash flows. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business,
     negotiate and execute long-term contracts on commercially viable terms with our significant suppliers, or reduce
     supplier concentration in the future.

     Additionally, while our Company sources its raw materials and consumables from multiple suppliers and, where
     feasible, maintains alternative vendors for key inputs. We also periodically review supplier performance and
     pricing. However, we cannot assure you that alternative suppliers will be available on comparable commercial
     terms or that such arrangements will adequately mitigate the impact of any disruption in supplies from our
     significant suppliers.

4.   Our profitability may be adversely affected upon the expiry of tax benefits available under Section 80-IAC of
     the Income Tax Act, 1961, as applicable under the existing tax regime, and under Section 140 of the Income
     Tax Act, 2025, upon such new tax regime becoming effective.

     We have availed / intend to avail tax benefits under Section 80-IAC of the Income Tax Act, 1961, which provides
     for a tax holiday for a specified period of three consecutive financial years, specifically FY 2024-25, FY 2025-
     26, and FY 2026-27. Upon expiry of such benefits, our tax liability is expected to increase, which may adversely
     impact our profitability and cash flows. Further, our current margins may not be sustainable after the expiration
     of such tax benefits, which could materially affect our financial performance.

5.   We operate out of a single Manufacturing Facility, located at Hyderabad, Telangana which exposes our
     operations to potential geographical concentration risks arising from local and regional factors which may
     adversely affect our operations and in turn our business, results of operations and cash flows.

     As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we operate out of a single Manufacturing Facility situated in
     Hyderabad, Telangana. For details on our manufacturing facility, refer to the chapter titled “Business Overview–
     Our Manufacturing Facility” beginning on page 176 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Given the geographic
     concentration of our manufacturing operations in one state, our operations are susceptible to disruptions caused
     by local and regional factors, including political, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, demographic
     factors and other unforeseen events and circumstances.

     Our Manufacturing Facility and certain assets are covered under property and asset insurance policies, including
     insurance against specified risks such as fire, natural calamities and burglary. However, such insurance coverage
     may not be adequate to cover all losses, may be subject to exclusions, deductibles and limitations, and may not
     fully compensate us for the consequences of any disruption to our manufacturing operations. While we have not


                                                                 29
     experienced any material disruption at our Manufacturing Facility in the past, any such disruption could lead to
     significant delays in the manufacturing and sale of our products and could materially and adversely affect our
     business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

6.   Our Company is significantly dependent on the experience, expertise, and continued support of our Promoters
     for the growth and development of our business, and any loss of their involvement could adversely affect our
     operations and future prospects.

     Our Promoters have been instrumental in the formation, strategy, and overall business development of our
     Company. We are significantly dependent on their industry knowledge, relationships, guidance, and vision for the
     continued growth of our operations. The lack of active involvement or inability of our Promoters to continue to
     contribute effectively, whether due to personal reasons, health issues, disassociation from the Company, or other
     professional commitments, could have a material adverse effect on our business performance and prospects.
     Further, while our Promoters play a central role in the management and decision-making processes of our
     Company, there is no assurance that such dependence will not expose us to risks relating to concentration of
     authority, succession planning, or limitations in independent managerial decision-making. Any inability to attract,
     retain, or groom qualified professionals who can supplement or succeed the role of our Promoter could also
     negatively affect our growth trajectory. Accordingly, any reduction in the involvement or effectiveness of our
     Promoter could disrupt our operations, hinder our strategic initiatives, and materially and adversely impact our
     business, financial condition, and results of operations.

7.   Our Registered and Corporate Office and Factory is located on the same premise, which is not owned by us
     and has been taken on a long term lease. Disruption of our rights as lessee or termination of the agreement
     with our lessor may adversely impact our operations and, consequently, our business, financial condition and
     results of operations.

     As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Registered and Corporate Office and Factory is located
     on the same premises which is not owned by us and has been obtained on lease basis from the landlord of the
     premise at Hyderabad. For more details, kindly refer to the chapter title “Business Overview – Immovable
     Properties” beginning on page 190 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We operate our business from the
     following place:

      Natur    Location            Lessor        Lessee         Nature     Period      of   Rent             Use
      e of                                                      of         Lease            Payable/Co
      Deed                                                      Holding                     nsideration
                                                                (Owned                      Involved
                                                                /Leased)
      Lease    R.C.C               M/s           M/s            Leased     January  01,     The Lessee       Business
      Deed     Building            Kartikeya     Himalaya                  2026      to     shall pay the    Purpose
               consisting of       Industries    Nutravedic                December 31,     monthly
               Ground      and     represente    s     India               2035             lease rent of
               First Floors, on    d by it’s     Limited                                    ₹ 2,31,000/-
               plot        No.     Proprietor    through                                    (Rupees
               101/A,        in    Smt.     P.   it’s                                       Two-Lakhs
               Survey      No.     Krishna       Director                                   Thirty One
               183(Part),          Kumari        Mr. Rohit                                  Thousand
               situated       at   (“Lessor”)    Asawa                                      only)
               Phase-III,                        (“Lessee”)
               Industrial
               Development
               Park,
               Cherlapally,
               under APIIC-
               IALA
               Cherlapally,
               Municipality,
               Kapra Mandal,
               Medchal-
               Malkajgiri
               District,

                                                               30
      Natur    Location           Lessor        Lessee        Nature      Period       of   Rent               Use
      e of                                                    of          Lease             Payable/Co
      Deed                                                    Holding                       nsideration
                                                              (Owned                        Involved
                                                              /Leased)
               Hyderabad,
               Telangana,
               India, 500051

     Unless renewed, upon termination of the lease, we are required to return the premises of our Manufacturing
     Facility and Registered and Corporate Office to the Lessor. There can be no assurance that the terms of the
     agreements will be renewed on commercially acceptable terms. In the event that the Lessor terminates or does not
     renew the agreements, we will be required to vacate the premises where our operational activities are carried out.
     In such a situation, we would need to identify and secure alternative premises and enter into a new lease or leave-
     and-license agreement, potentially on less favorable terms and conditions, in order to relocate our Registered and
     Corporate Office and operations. Such a scenario could result in delays and may temporarily affect our operations.

8.   There are certain discrepancies/errors/delayed-filings which have occurred in some of our corporate
     secretarial records relating to forms filed with the RoC under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

     As a company, we are required to file various statutory forms and returns with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs
     (“MCA”) in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. In this regard, there have been certain
     instances of delay in filing forms with the Registrar of Companies (“RoC”), including Forms AOC-4, MGT-7,
     MGT-14, DPT-3, CHG-1, DIR-12, MSME Form I and SH-7. Such forms were subsequently filed upon payment
     of the prescribed additional fees. The details of the delayed filings are set out below:

                                                                                                                Delay
                                                                                              Date        of
      Form                                           Date of Event          Due Date                            (In
                                                                                              Filing
                                                                                                                Days)
      Form MGT-14                                        26-07-2022           25-08-2022       25-03-2026        1308
      Form AOC-4                                         30-09-2025           30-10-2025       15-11-2025            16
      Form MGT-14                                        03-01-2023           02-02-2023       10-02-2023            8
      Form SH-7                                          03-01-2023           02-02-2023       22-02-2023            20
      Form DPT-3                                         31-03-2025           30-06-2025       15-07-2025            15
      Form DPT-3                                         31-03-2023           30-06-2023       11-07-2023            11
      Form DIR-12                                        30-09-2025           30-10-2025       15-11-2025            16
      Form CHG-1                                         28-12-2023           27-01-2024       02-03-2024            35
      Form CHG-1                                         24-01-2024           23-02-2024       23-05-2024            90
      MSME Form I
                                                         31-03-2023           30-04-2023       24-01-2026        1000
      (half year ended 31-03-2023)
      MSME Form I
                                                         30-09-2023           31-10-2023       24-01-2026        816
      (half year ended 30-09-2023)
      MSME Form I
                                                         31-03-2024           30-04-2024       24-01-2026        634
      (half year ended 31-03-2024)
      MSME Form I
                                                         30-09-2024           31-10-2024       24-01-2026        450
      (half year ended 30-09-2024)
      MSME Form I
                                                         31-03-2025           30-04-2025       24-01-2026        269
      (half year ended 31-03-2025)

     Previously, the Company did not have adequate in-house expertise for handling technical and regulatory filings,
     which, coupled with intermittent technical difficulties and service outages on the Ministry of Corporate Affairs
     (MCA) portal, during the relevant filing windows and procedural oversight, resulted in delays in filing certain
     statutory forms and returns. However, the Company has now appointed a full-time Company Secretary, Ms. Pooja

                                                             31
     Biyani, who also acts as the Compliance Officer and is responsible for ensuring the timely preparation and filing
     of all statutory forms and returns with the RoC and other regulatory authorities.

     Further, in the past, the Company had converted unsecured convertible loans into equity shares allotted on March
     28, 2023. However, while filing the relevant forms, the said allotment was inadvertently disclosed as a rights issue
     in the board resolution approving the allotment as well as in Form PAS-3. Additionally, there have been certain
     inadvertent inconsistencies, typographical errors and clerical discrepancies relating to dates of meetings,
     disclosures in the Board’s Report and certain secretarial records.

     As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, no statutory or regulatory action has been initiated against
     our Company in relation to the aforesaid matters. However, we cannot assure you that any such action or
     proceeding will not be initiated against our Company in the future.

9.   Products returned by Stockists upon expiry may adversely affect our revenues, margins and inventory
     management.

     Under our arrangements with Stockists, unsold products are returnable upon expiry. Consequently, we are exposed
     to the risk of product returns, particularly in the event of over-supply, lower-than-expected demand, or
     inefficiencies in distribution planning. Such returns may result in increased inventory holding, potential write-
     offs, and additional handling and logistics costs. Further, a significant volume of expired product returns could
     adversely impact our revenues and profitability, as we may not be able to realize any value from such returned
     goods. The need to replace expired products or provide credit notes to Stockists may also affect our working
     capital requirements and cash flows. If we are unable to accurately forecast demand, manage inventory efficiently,
     or control the level of returns from Stockists, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
     materially and adversely affected.

     Our Company has implemented a structured inventory monitoring mechanism whereby it obtains periodic
     (monthly) stock and sales statements from its stockists/distributors. This enables the Company to track inventory
     levels, monitor product movement and identify slow-moving or near-expiry stock in a timely manner. Based on
     such monitoring, the Company undertakes appropriate corrective actions, including redistribution, promotional
     initiatives or other inventory management measures, to mitigate the risk of accumulation of excess or expiry stock.

10. We do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers and customers, which may expose us to risks relating
    to supply disruptions and loss of business.

     We do not enter into long-term agreements with certain of our key suppliers for procurement of raw materials,
     including herbal and nutraceutical ingredients, or with our customers and distributors. As a result, our
     arrangements with such parties are generally on a purchase order basis. The absence of long-term contracts
     exposes us to risks such as volatility in raw material prices, disruption in supply, and loss of customers without
     prior notice. Any such disruption may adversely affect our production, sales and overall business operations.

11. We have had negative cash flows from operating activities in the past and may, in the future, experience similar
    negative cash flows.

     We have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities for the Fiscal 2026, 2025 and 2024, primarily
     on account of our elevated working capital requirements. Such working capital requirements are largely
     attributable to higher levels of inventory maintained to support business operations and growth, as well as
     extended trade receivable cycles arising from the nature of our business and customer credit terms.

     The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows for the periods indicated below:
                                                                                                            (₹ in Lakhs)
                                                        Fiscal 2026              Fiscal 2025         Fiscal 2024
      Particulars
      Cash Flow from Operations                         (383.44)                 (139.11)            (55.10)

     Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially
     impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our business, financial
     condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.



                                                             32
12. Any delay in payment of statutory dues by our Company in future, may result in the imposition of penalties
    and in turn may have an adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operation
    and cash flows.

    Our Company is required to pay certain statutory dues including provident fund contributions and employee state
    insurance contributions as indicated in the tables below for the periods indicated:

    Fiscal 2026:

     Nature of payment:                             Total Amount for         Total Number of           Delayed Fillings
                                                    the Period (₹ in         Return to be Filed
                                                    lakhs)
     Employee State Insurance                       0.84                     12                        NIL
     Gratuity                                       NIL                      NIL                       NIL
     Provident Fund                                 30.44                    12                        NIL
     Professional Tax                               1.37                     12                        NIL
     Tax deducted at source on salary               2.67                     03                        01
    Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
    dated May 11, 2026.
    Fiscal 2025:

     Nature of payment:                             Total Amount for         Total Number of           Delayed Fillings
                                                    the Period (₹ in         Return to be Filed
                                                    lakhs)
     Employee State Insurance                       0.98                     12                        01
     Gratuity                                       NIL                      NIL                       NIL
     Provident Fund                                 32.45                    12                        01
     Professional Tax                               1.46                     12                        01
     Tax deducted at source on salary               5.44                     04                        NIL
    Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
    dated May 11, 2026.
    Fiscal 2024:

     Nature of payment:                             Total Amount for         Total Number of           Delayed      /   Non
                                                    the Period (₹ in         Return to be Filed        Fillings
                                                    lakhs)
     Employee State Insurance                       0.98                     12                        05
     Gratuity                                       NIL                      NIL                       NIL
     Provident Fund                                 28.68                    12                        03
     Professional Tax                               1.44                     12                        10
     Tax deducted at source on salary               5.60                     04                        NIL
    Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
    dated May 11, 2026.

    If we are unable to pay our statutory dues on time or in future, we could be subjected to penalties which could
    impact our financial condition and results of operations.

13. Our inability to effectively implement and scale our digital and online initiatives may adversely affect our
    business operations, customer acquisition and financial performance.

    Our Company has historically operated primarily under a B2B business model through institutional channels,
    practitioners, distributors and other business relationships. Our Company is presently undertaking a strategic
    expansion of its business operations into the direct-to-consumer (“D2C”) segment through digital platforms and
    consumer-focused sales channels. Such transition exposes our Company to several risks associated with
    establishing and operating a consumer-facing business vertical, which may differ substantially from the risks
    associated with its existing B2B operations.




                                                                33
    The proposed D2C business model requires our company to develop, strengthen and manage capabilities in areas
    that may not have previously been material to its operations, including consumer branding, digital and
    performance marketing, customer acquisition and retention, social media engagement, online reputation
    management, technology integration, order fulfillment, warehousing, logistics, customer support and returns
    management. Our Company may also be required to recruit additional personnel with expertise in digital
    commerce, consumer analytics and brand management. Any inability to attract, train or retain such personnel
    may adversely affect our company’s D2C initiatives. Further, our company expects to incur significant capital
    and operational expenditure in connection with its D2C expansion, including expenditure towards website and
    mobile platform development, technology infrastructure, analytics tools, digital advertising campaigns,
    influencer collaborations, customer acquisition initiatives and fulfillment infrastructure. There can be no
    assurance that such investments will result in increased consumer traction, repeat purchases, brand loyalty or
    profitability within anticipated timelines, or at all. Our Company’s D2C initiatives may also result in increased
    operating costs and working capital requirements.

    The success of our company’s D2C operations is dependent on several factors beyond its control, including
    changing consumer preferences, online purchasing behavior, effectiveness of digital marketing campaigns,
    customer acquisition costs, platform algorithms, social media trends and the actions of competitors. Our Company
    may face intense competition from established nutraceutical, wellness, pharmaceutical, FMCG and digitally
    native D2C brands that may have greater financial resources, wider consumer reach, stronger brand recognition
    and larger marketing budgets than our company.

    In addition, our company may encounter operational and logistical challenges associated with managing direct
    consumer sales, including inventory planning, warehousing, product delivery timelines, reverse logistics,
    damaged or returned products, payment processing issues and customer grievances. Any disruption, delay or
    inefficiency in such operations may adversely affect customer satisfaction, brand perception and repeat consumer
    purchases.

    Our Company’s D2C operations are also dependent on uninterrupted functioning of its digital platforms, third-
    party technology service providers, payment gateways, logistics partners and online marketplace platforms. Any
    system failures, cyber incidents, technology disruptions, data breaches or adverse changes in the commercial
    terms or policies of third-party platforms may adversely affect our company’s ability to conduct its D2C
    operations efficiently. There can be no assurance that our company will be able to successfully implement, operate
    or scale its D2C business model or achieve the anticipated benefits from such transition. Any failure or delay in
    effectively executing our company’s D2C strategy may adversely affect its business, cash flows, results of
    operations, financial condition and future prospects.

14. Our Company may incur significant customer acquisition, marketing and distribution costs in connection with
    its D2C operations, which may adversely affect its profitability and margins.

    Our Company’s proposed expansion into direct-to-consumer (“D2C”) operations is expected to require
    substantial expenditure towards digital marketing, performance advertising, promotional campaigns, social media
    engagement, influencer collaborations and customer retention initiatives in order to attract and retain end
    consumers. Customer acquisition costs in the D2C segment are subject to significant volatility and may increase
    due to heightened competition, changes in consumer behavior, increased advertising rates, reduced effectiveness
    of digital campaigns, algorithm changes on digital platforms and evolving online marketplace dynamics.

    In addition, our company may be required to pay commissions, listing fees, fulfillment charges and other
    commercial costs to e-commerce platforms, payment gateways, logistics service providers and third-party sales
    channels. Such costs may materially increase the overall cost of sales and adversely affect the profitability of our
    company’s D2C operations.

    Our Company may also face challenges in determining and implementing appropriate pricing strategies for its
    products across different sales channels. Our Company is required to balance competitive pricing and promotional
    offers aimed at increasing consumer adoption with the need to maintain margins and preserve brand positioning.
    Any inability to effectively manage pricing strategies may adversely affect revenues, margins and consumer
    perception of our company’s products.




                                                            34
    Further, our company’s D2C initiatives may give rise to channel conflicts with its existing distributors,
    practitioners, institutional customers or other B2B partners, particularly in cases involving differential pricing,
    promotional schemes, product availability or territorial overlap. Any deterioration in relationships with existing
    channel partners may adversely affect our company’s existing B2B operations and distribution network. There
    can be no assurance that our company will be able to effectively manage customer acquisition costs, maintain
    operating margins or successfully integrate its D2C operations with its existing B2B business model. Any failure
    in this regard may adversely affect our company’s business, financial condition, cash flows and results of
    operations.

15. Our Company’s D2C operations expose it to risks relating to logistics, fulfillment, scalability and competition,
    which may adversely affect its business and profitability.

    Our Company’s D2C operations require efficient management of high transaction volumes, inventory planning,
    warehousing, order processing, delivery timelines, reverse logistics and product returns, which may necessitate
    substantial investments in logistics infrastructure, fulfillment systems, technology platforms and supply chain
    capabilities. Our Company may also be required to engage and coordinate with multiple third-party logistics
    providers, warehousing partners and technology service providers to support its D2C operations. Any disruption,
    delay, inefficiency or failure in such logistics and fulfillment operations may adversely affect customer
    satisfaction, repeat purchases and overall consumer experience.

    In addition, our company operates in a highly competitive market and may face significant competition from
    established D2C brands, e-commerce marketplaces, pharmaceutical companies, nutraceutical manufacturers,
    wellness companies and omnichannel players, many of whom may possess greater experience, financial resources,
    technological capabilities, supply chain infrastructure, brand recognition and marketing expertise than our
    company. Such competitors may also be able to offer products at lower prices, incur higher marketing expenditure,
    provide faster delivery timelines or adopt more aggressive promotional strategies.

    Our Company’s ability to compete effectively in the D2C segment depends on several factors, including logistics
    efficiency, pricing competitiveness, digital visibility, customer engagement, fulfillment capabilities, delivery
    timelines, product quality and overall consumer experience. Any inability of our company to effectively manage
    these factors or successfully compete in the D2C segment may adversely affect consumer acquisition, revenues,
    margins, brand perception, market position, business operations and future prospects.

16. Our Company may incur losses in the future, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition
    and results of operations.

    While our Company has not incurred losses in the past, there can be no assurance that we will remain profitable
    in the future. Our ability to maintain profitability depends on several factors, including market conditions, cost
    fluctuations, competitive pressures, regulatory changes, and our ability to effectively manage operations and scale
    our business.

    Any adverse developments in these factors may result in increased expenses or reduced revenues, which could
    lead to losses in future periods.

    We cannot assure you that we will attain profitability in the future. In the event we incur losses in the future, it
    will have an adverse impact on our business prospects. For further details, refer to the section titled “Financial
    Information of the Company” and chapter titled “Management‘s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
    Condition and Results of Operations of our Company” beginning on page 231 and 236 respectively, of this Draft
    Red Herring Prospectus.

17. Our manufacturing units are subject to periodic inspections and audits by regulatory authorities and our
    customers. Any manufacturing or quality control problems may subject us to regulatory action, damage our
    reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
    flows.

    As of March 31, 2026, our Company operates one manufacturing unit. We are required to comply with regulations
    and quality standards stipulated by such regulatory authorities. Our manufacturing units and products are subject
    to periodic inspections and audits by these regulatory authorities and certain of our customers.




                                                            35
    If we are not in compliance with the requirements prescribed by such authorities or terms stipulated in contracts
    with our customers, we may be subject to regulatory actions, including issuance of warning letters, imposition of
    sanctions, amendment or withdrawal of our existing approvals, product seizure, interruption of our operations, or
    claims resulting from non-compliance with contractual obligations. While there has been no such instance of
    regulatory action in the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, we cannot assure you that the same will not occur in the
    future.

    We may also be subject to product liability claims resulting from manufacturing defects or negligence in storage
    and handling of our products for the entire duration of the shelf life of the products. The existence, or threat of a
    major product liability claim could damage our reputation and affect customers’ views of our products. Product
    liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the defence against them, are costly. Any loss
    of our reputation or our image may lead to a loss of existing business contracts and affect our ability to enter into
    additional business contracts in the future, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
    financial condition and cash flows. Our manufacturing unit follows in-house quality control and quality assurance
    practices, including documented standard operating procedures for testing of raw materials, in-process quality
    checks, finished product testing, storage and batch release. These processes are implemented by trained personnel
    and are intended to ensure compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and contractual specifications.
    However, such practices may not be effective in all circumstances, and any failure in our quality control systems
    may result in regulatory action, product recalls, contractual claims or reputational harm.

18. Our operations are labour intensive, and we may be subject to strikes, work stoppages or increased wage
    demands by our employees, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
    condition.

    Our operations are labour intensive, making us susceptible to strikes, work stoppages, or increased wage demands
    from our employees. These disruptions could affect our ability to maintain regular operations and could lead to
    higher labour costs. As of April 30, 2026, we employed a total of 80 personnel. For more details, refer to “Business
    Overview – Human Resources” beginning on page 187 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Presently, our
    workforce is not unionised. However, if a substantial portion of our workforce were to become unionised in the
    future, our labour costs could rise.

    India has strict labour legislation designed to safeguard worker interests, particularly concerning dispute
    resolution, and the removal of employees including the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, which imposes financial
    obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing other aspects
    of our relationship with our employees, encompassing minimum wages, working hours, working conditions,
    hiring and termination practices, and work permit authorisation. For more details on laws relating to labour
    applicable on our Company, please refer to the chapter titled “Key Regulations and Policies – Laws Relating to
    Employment and Labour Laws” beginning on page 195 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. While we have not
    had any past instances of strikes or labour unrest during the last three Fiscals, we cannot assure that such
    disruptions will not arise in the future due to disputes or unrest among our workforce. Any of the foregoing or
    delays in resolving such labour unrest, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
    condition.

19. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse
    effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

    Our business depends on our estimate of the long-term demand for our products from our customers. If we
    underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our
    products, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of
    business. Any error in our forecast could result in surplus stock, which may not be sold in a timely manner.
    Further, the number of purchase orders that our customers place with us differ from quarter to quarter, which may
    cause our revenues, results of operations and cash flows to fluctuate. Further, our products have a shelf life of a
    specified number of years and if not sold prior to expiry, may lead to losses or if consumed after expiry, may lead
    to health hazards. The table below sets forth our total inventory and inventory turnover days as of the dates
    indicated:




                                                             36
                                                                                                                  (₹ in Lakhs)
     Particulars                            Fiscal 2026              Fiscal 2025                  Fiscal 2024


     Total Inventory                        891.54                   328.41                       252.29
     Inventory turnover days#               85                       82                           83
    #Inventory turnover days are calculated as average inventory divided by cost of goods sold (COGS), multiplied by 365.

    Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect
    on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Additionally, we make decisions, such
    as determining the levels of business to pursue, setting production schedules, and allocating personnel and other
    resources, based on our estimates of customer orders. Fluctuations in demand for our products and solutions can
    complicate production scheduling and lead to mismatches in production and capacity utilisation. Such
    mismatches, whether resulting in over or underutilisation of our manufacturing units, could adversely affect our
    business, operational results, and financial condition. We have not faced any instances of underutilisation or
    understocking of the inventories in the last three Fiscals which had an adverse effect on our business.

20. Our operations are primarily focused on the domestic market, and any adverse developments in India could
    materially affect our business.

    We have historically derived our revenue from the domestic market in India, and our revenue from operations is
    substantially dependent on demand conditions within India. While we have our presence in 17 states, too much
    concentration can impact our business. The table below sets out our state-wise revenue from operations in the
    India:

                                                                                 (₹ in Lakhs except for percentages)
     Name of State/Union Territory                              For the period/ fiscal year ended on
                                                   March 31, 2026       March 31, 2025         March 31, 2024
                                                   Total     %      of Total        %      of Total       %      of
                                                   Revenu Revenu Revenu Revenu Revenu Revenu
                                                   e         e          e           e          e          e
     Kerala                                        2,124.72 49.33       1,447.12 68.92         657.42     45.57
     Gujarat                                       568.75    13.21      0.40        0.02       0.31       0.02
     Uttar Pradesh                                 503.18    11.68      66.60       3.17       0.11       0.01
     Telangana                                     408.82    9.49       241.43      11.50      413.77     28.68
     Andhra Pradesh                                269.11    6.25       86.18       4.10       109.09     7.56
     Punjab                                        119.23    2.77       30.46       1.45       20.52      1.42
     Maharashtra / Goa                             85.47     1.98       51.86       2.47       42.00      2.91
     Tamil Nadu                                    53.22     1.24       31.03       1.48       36.41      2.52
     Madhya Pradesh                                37.09     0.86       25.38       1.21       40.93      2.84
     Haryana                                       34.90     0.81       19.34       0.92       19.84      1.38
     Karnataka                                     32.89     0.76       35.58       1.69       41.00      2.84
     Rajasthan                                     32.53     0.76       18.46       0.88       10.65      0.74
     Uttrakhand                                    22.73     0.53       10.67       0.51       3.91       0.27
     West Bengal                                   14.32     0.33       19.21       0.92       13.76      0.95
     Jharkhand                                     0.18      0.00       1.16        0.06       0.00       0.00
     Himachal Pradesh                              0.13      0.00       9.60        0.46       0.00       0.00
     Chhattisgarh                                  0.00      0.00       (1.04)      (0.05)     1.28       0.09
     Assam                                         0.00      0.00       4.04        0.19       31.57      2.19
     Delhi                                         (0.50)    (0.01)     2.15        0.10       0.00       0.00
     Total                                         4,306.75 100.00      2,099.65 100.00        1,442.56 100.00
     Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
    dated May 11, 2026..
    *Rounded off to the closest Decimal

    Our revenues from the domestic market may be adversely affected by public health emergencies or outbreaks of
    infectious diseases, which may result in supply chain disruptions, restrictions on manufacturing operations,
    distribution challenges, workforce unavailability or changes in regulatory requirements. Any such developments
    may disrupt our manufacturing, distribution or sales operations and our failure to effectively anticipate or respond

                                                                37
    to these developments could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition
    and cash flows.

21. Our Company have experienced delays in obtaining certain statutory environmental approvals, and any future
    non-compliance with applicable environmental laws may expose us to regulatory action and penalties.

    Our Company was incorporated in June 2022 and is required to obtain certain environmental approvals, including
    the Consent for Establishment and Consent for Operation, from the Telangana State Pollution Control Board
    within the prescribed timelines under applicable laws. While there was a delay in obtaining such approvals, we
    subsequently applied for and received the Consent for Establishment on February 10, 2026 and the Consent for
    Operation on March 05, 2026. No penalties or adverse actions have been imposed on us by the Telangana State
    Pollution Control Board in this regard. We continue to undertake necessary steps to ensure compliance with
    applicable environmental laws and timely renewal of required approvals. However, there can be no assurance that
    any observations or actions will not be initiated by regulatory authorities in relation to such delay or any future
    non-compliance. Any failure to obtain, renew or maintain such approvals in a timely manner may result in
    regulatory actions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
    operations.

22. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities may have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects
    and future financial performance. Moreover, information relating to capacity utilization of our production
    facility included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is based on certain assumptions and has been subjected
    to rounding off and future production and capacity utilization may vary.

    Our capacity utilization levels are dependent on our ability to carry out uninterrupted operations at manufacturing
    facilities as well as on the market demand of the products sold by us. Among others, the capacity utilization also
    depends upon the availability of raw materials, labour, industry/ market conditions and procurement practice
    followed by our customers. For the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, our overall capacity utilization is detailed below:


     Particular FY 2025-26                           FY 2024-25                        FY 2023-24
     s

     Products      Capacity Actual    Capacity Capacity Actual     Capacity Capacity Actual     Capacity
                   Installed Producti Utilized Installed Productio Utilized Installed Productio Utilized
                             on       (%)                n         (%)                n         (%)


     Softgel        12,00,0    7,64,64,   63.72      12,00,0     4,07,48, 33.95        12,00,0    3,45,25, 29.00
     Capsules       0,000      530                   0,000       076                   0,000      000
     (In Units)
     Medicated      9,00,00    8,11,87    90.20      9,00,00     5,07,72 56.41         9,00,00    90,000    10.00
     Oil (In 200    0          0                     0           5                     0
     ml Bottles)
     Tablets (In    4,50,00,   80,29,0    17.84      4,50,00,    11,55,6 2.56          4,50,00,   4,00,00 1.00
     Units)         000        35                    000         50                    000        0
     Liquid         1,50,00    18,900     13.00      1,50,00     9,800   6.53          1,50,00    15,700 10.40
     Orals (In      0                                0                                 0
     200      ml
     Bottles)
     Hardgel        4,50,00,   19,13,9    4.25       4,50,00,    49,50,0 11.00         4,50,00,   2,00,00 0.44
     Capsules       000        00                    000         00                    000        0
     (In Units)
     Protein        60,000     6,525      10.87      60,000      4,800    8.00         60,000     2,801     4.66
     Powder (In
     250      gm
     Bottles)


                                                            38
    Note: As certified by Inn Tech Global Valuers Private Limited, Independent Chartered Engineer of our Company,
    by way of their certificate dated May 6, 2026.

    In the event we face prolonged disruptions at our facility including due to interruptions in the supply of power or
    as a result of labour unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient, or decline in demand, we would not be able to
    achieve full capacity utilization of our current manufacturing facility, resulting in operational inefficiencies and
    increased per-unit costs which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
    However, during the last three financial years, we have not experienced any significant disruptions at our
    manufacturing facility that have materially impacted our capacity utilization; however, we cannot assure you that
    we shall not experience any such instances in the future.

23. We may be unable to sufficiently obtain, maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property and other
    proprietary rights.

    We regard our trademarks, domain names, trade secrets, technologies and similar intellectual property as critical
    to our success. For details on our intellectual property, refer to the chapter titled “Business Overview – Intellectual
    Property” beginning on page 188 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring
    Prospectus, our Company has applied for the following trademark with the Registrar of Trademarks under the
    Trademarks Act, 1999:

     Description/Logo        Wordmark             Class      Application Number         Date           of    Current
                                                                                        Application          Status
                             Himalaya             05         5640519                    October 08, 2022     Opposed*
                             Nutravedics-
                             SUPPLEMENTS
                             THAT HEAL


     -                     Himalaya            05       5640476                 October 08, 2022 Opposed#
                           Nutravedics
    *An opposition has been filed against our trademark on November 14, 2024, and we have duly submitted our
    counter-statement on February 05, 2025, however, the opposition proceedings are currently pending.
    #
      An opposition has been filed against our trademark on September 03, 2024, and we have duly submitted our
    counter-statement on November 29, 2024; however, the opposition proceedings are currently pending.

    Our trademark applications listed above are currently opposed before the Registrar of Trademarks. Such
    opposition proceedings may result in delays in registration or refusal of registration of the relevant trademarks,
    and there can be no assurance that such proceedings will be resolved in our favour. Any adverse outcome in such
    proceedings may require us to modify, replace, or discontinue the use of the relevant trademarks, which could
    adversely affect the recognition, reputation and goodwill of our products. Any failure to obtain, maintain or renew
    the registration of our trademarks, or to effectively enforce our intellectual property rights, may adversely affect
    our ability to protect our reputation and goodwill. Further, even in respect of registered trademarks, third parties
    may infringe, misuse or adopt deceptively similar marks in India or abroad. We may not be able to promptly detect
    such unauthorised use or take timely and effective steps to enforce our rights, and the remedies available to us
    may be limited, time-consuming or costly.

    Further, our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate in all circumstances, and third-party
    claims in relation to our trademarks or other intellectual property may result in erosion of our business value,
    reputational harm and adverse impact on our operations. While we have not encountered any unauthorised use of
    our intellectual property during the Fiscals 2026, 2025, and 2024, we cannot assure you that such protection will
    be effective in the future. For further details on our intellectual properties, refer to the chapter titled “Government
    and Other Approvals” beginning on page 250 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

24. Our Company is reliant on the demand from the Ayurvedic industry for a significant portion of our revenue.
    Any downturn in the Ayurvedic industry or an inability to increase or effectively manage our sales could have
    an adverse impact on our Company’s business and results of operations.

    Our Company is primarily engaged in the manufacturing of Ayurvedic products, and our business and revenues
    are closely linked to the overall performance and growth of the Ayurvedic industry. Any slowdown, reduced

                                                              39
    consumer acceptance or adverse developments affecting the Ayurvedic industry could negatively impact demand
    for our products and, consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The
    industry is influenced by several factors, including evolving consumer preferences, competition from other
    systems of medicine, changes in healthcare trends, regulatory developments and the availability and pricing of
    herbal raw materials. Any shift in consumer preferences away from Ayurvedic products, increased adoption of
    alternative therapies, or changes in regulatory standards applicable to Ayurvedic products may adversely affect
    demand for our products.

    Further, if our competitors introduce new or improved Ayurvedic formulations, delivery formats or branded
    products, or are able to offer similar or superior products at more competitive prices due to efficiencies in
    manufacturing, sourcing or distribution, we may face increased competitive pressure. Our inability to effectively
    respond to such competitive developments could adversely affect our market position, revenues and profitability.

25. Our manufacturing operations are subject to risks, including equipment failure, accidents, and natural
    disasters, which could disrupt production.

    We operate our manufacturing and processing facility located at Hyderabad, Telangana, where we manufacture
    Ayurvedic and nutraceutical products across multiple dosage forms. Our business depends on the smooth
    functioning of this facility, which is subject to various operating risks, including planned shutdowns for
    maintenance, statutory inspections and testing, as well as risks beyond our control such as breakdown or failure
    of equipment, industrial accidents, fire, severe weather conditions, and natural disasters. While we have not
    experienced any significant equipment failures, accidents, or natural calamities that have materially affected our
    operations in the past, there can be no assurance that such events will not occur in the future. Any major
    malfunction, accident, or breakdown involving our plant and machinery, utilities, automation systems, IT systems,
    or any other part of our manufacturing assets may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and could result
    in production delays, partial or complete shutdown of operations. If we are unable to repair or restore such assets
    in a timely manner, it may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results
    of operations. For details, refer to the chapter titled “Business Overview – Our Manufacturing Facility”
    beginning on page 176 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

26. We have certain contingent liabilities and our financial condition and profitability may be adversely affected
    if any of those contingent liabilities materialize.

    As of March 31, 2026, our contingent liabilities and commitments as disclosed in our Restated Financial statement
    aggregated to 27.26 lakhs. A summary table of our contingent liabilities and commitments as of March 31, 2026,
    as disclosed in the Restated Financial Statements is set forth below:
                                                                                                        (₹ in Lakhs)
     Particulars                                                                         As at March 31, 2026
     I. Contingent Liabilities
      (a) claims against the company not acknowledged as debt;                                  27.26
      (b) guarantees excluding financial guarantees; and                                        NIL
      (c) other money for which the company is contingently liable                              NIL
     II. Commitments
      (a) estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account              NIL
      and not provided for
      (b) uncalled liability on shares and other investments partly paid                         NIL
      (c) other commitments                                                                      NIL
     Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
    dated May 15, 2026.

    However, the Company received an email dated December 23, 2025 from the Income Tax Department proposing
    disallowance of deduction under Section 80-IAC for AY 2025–26 due to delayed filing of Form 10CCB. The
    Company responded on December 24, 2025, stating the delay was a technical lapse, as the form had been obtained
    earlier and was subsequently uploaded. However, the Department rejected the response and issued an intimation
    order on March 06, 2026, raising a demand of ₹27,25,970, against which an appeal has been filed on March 24,
    2026 before the appellate authority.

                                                                40
    For further details, please refer to the chapters titled “Restated Financial Statement” and “Management’s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Contingent Liabilities” beginning
    on pages 231 and 236, respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The contingent liability may become
    actual liabilities. In the event that any of our contingent liabilities become non-contingent, our business, financial
    condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will
    not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the current Fiscal Year or in the future.

27. Our Company in involved certain tax proceedings which are pending before the appellate tribunal. Any adverse
    decision in such proceedings may render us liable to liabilities/penalties and may adversely affect our business
    and results of operations.

    A demand by the Income tax authority of ₹27.26 lakhs was raised against our Company which has been disputed
    and appealed before the Appellate Authority. In the event this matter results in adverse rulings or the consequent
    levying of penalties, we may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase
    our expenses and current or contingent liabilities.

    The summary of outstanding litigation involving our Company, our Promoter, our Directors, and our Key
    Managerial Personnel as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been provided below in accordance
    with the materiality policy. For details, refer to chapter titled “Outstanding Litigation and Material
    Developments” beginning on page 246 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:


     Category       Criminal       Tax              Statutory      Disciplinary actions      Material      Aggregate
     of             proceeding     proceedings      or             by SEBI or Stock          civil         amount
     individuals    s                               regulatory     Exchanges against         litigations   involved (₹
     / entities*                                    proceeding     our Promoters since                     in Lakhs)
                                                    s              incorporation of our
                                                                   Company, including
                                                                   outstanding action
     Company
     By    our      -              -                -              -                         -             NIL
     Company
     Against our    -              01               -              -                         -             27.26#
     Company
     Promoters
     By     our     -              -                -              -                         -             NIL
     Promoters
     Against our    -              -                -              -                         -             NIL
     Promoters
     Directors
     By      our    -              -                -              -                         -             NIL
     Directors
     Against our    -              -                -              -                         -             NIL
     Directors
     KMP
     By our Key     -              -                -              -                         -             NIL
     Managerial
     Personnel
      Against our -               -             -            -                      -           NIL
      Key
      Managerial
      Personnel
    *Our Company currently does not have any Senior Management
    #
      The claim is currently disputed and against which an appeal has been filed on March 24, 2026 before the
    appellate authority.

                                                             41
    We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding litigation matters will be settled in our favour or that no
    additional liabilities will arise out of these proceedings. In addition to the above, we could also be adversely
    affected by complaints, claims or legal actions brought by persons, including before consumer forums or sector-
    specific or other regulatory authorities in the ordinary course of business or otherwise, in relation to our business
    operations and services, our technology and/or intellectual property, our marketing efforts or campaigns or our
    policies. We may also be subject to legal action by our employees and/or former employees in relation to alleged
    grievances, such as termination of employment during their employment. There can be no assurance that such
    complaints, claims or requests for information will not result in investigations, enquiries or legal actions by any
    regulatory authority or third persons against us.

    If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals,
    we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities.
    Any adverse decision in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations
    and financial condition.

28. Our business is subject to stringent and evolving labelling and regulatory requirements under applicable laws,
    including those administered by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India and the Ministry of AYUSH,
    and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business.

    Our Company is required to strictly comply with labelling, packaging, advertising and disclosure requirements
    prescribed under applicable laws and regulations governing Ayurvedic and health-related products in India,
    including those administered by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (“FSSAI”) and the Ministry of
    AYUSH. These requirements govern, among other matters, product composition disclosures, health and
    therapeutic claims, usage instructions, warnings and statutory declarations. Given the health-sensitive nature of
    the industry in which we operate, regulatory authorities may enhance or modify compliance standards, labelling
    norms, enforcement practices or interpretative guidance from time to time. Any failure to comply with applicable
    or amended requirements may result in regulatory action, including product recalls, suspension or cancellation of
    approvals, monetary penalties, restrictions on sale or distribution of our products, reputational harm and adverse
    impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

    Compliance with such requirements involves continuous monitoring of regulatory developments, interpretation
    of evolving standards and timely implementation of changes across our product portfolio. Any delay,
    misinterpretation or inadvertent non-compliance, including with respect to labelling content, marketing materials
    or product claims, could expose us to regulatory scrutiny or enforcement action. Further, increased regulatory
    oversight or inconsistent interpretation of applicable norms by authorities may increase our compliance costs and
    operational complexity and could adversely affect our business operations.

    While we have various measures in place, including dedicated regulatory and quality assurance teams, adherence
    to good manufacturing practices (“GMP”) and internal compliance checks of product labels, brochures and related
    materials, we cannot assure that we will be in continuous compliance with the applicable requirements. Any non-
    compliance may result in regulatory action against our Company, including issuance of notices, imposition of
    penalties, product recalls, suspension or cancellation of approvals or other adverse consequences, which could
    materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

29. Our ability to sustain growth and remain competitive depends on our ability to effectively manage our operating
    costs.

    Our business involves significant operating costs, including costs relating to procurement of herbal and other raw
    materials, utilities, labour, logistics, regulatory compliance, quality control, packaging and overhead expenses.
    Many of these costs are subject to fluctuations due to factors beyond our control, such as variations in availability
    and pricing of medicinal herbs, changes in wage levels, fuel and transportation costs, inflationary pressures and
    changes in government policies and regulations. Any increase in our operating costs that we are unable to pass on
    to customers in the form of higher prices, or mitigate through operational efficiencies, may adversely affect our
    margins, profitability and cash flows. Further, competitive pressures within the Ayurvedic and healthcare industry
    may limit our ability to increase prices without adversely impacting demand for our products.

    In addition, our ability to effectively manage operating costs depends on maintaining efficient manufacturing
    processes, supply chain management and capacity utilisation. Any inefficiencies, disruptions or delays in our



                                                             42
    operations, including those arising from regulatory inspections, equipment downtime or supply chain constraints,
    could result in higher per-unit costs and adversely affect our competitiveness, business and results of operations.

30. The Ayurvedic industry is intensely competitive and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect
    our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

    The Ayurvedic industry is a highly competitive market with several major companies present, and therefore it is
    challenging to improve market share and profitability. Entry barriers in the regulated nutraceuticals and Ayurvedic
    formulations segment are moderate to high. New entrants are required to invest in compliant manufacturing
    facilities, qualified technical and quality personnel, formulation development capabilities, and ongoing regulatory
    compliance under FSSAI, AYUSH, and allied frameworks (Source: Infomerics Report). We anticipate that
    competition will persist and intensify as the market continues to evolve and grow, with both new and existing
    competitors dedicating substantial resources to product development and enhancement. Consequently, our ability
    to expand our business in line with our strategy will depend on our capacity to introduce new products, adapt to
    emerging technologies, respond to our competitors’ pricing strategies, enhance and reposition our product
    offering, enhance our manufacturing capabilities, and develop intellectual property. As our markets mature,
    growth opportunities may become limited, and competition may become more aggressive. If we are unable to
    differentiate our products effectively, we could struggle to maintain or grow our market share in a saturated
    environment.

    Our competitors may allocate more resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products than we
    do. They may have lower costs and be better positioned to endure lower prices to gain market share. Additionally,
    they may be more diversified and able to leverage their other businesses, products, and services to accept lower
    returns and increase market share. Furthermore, our competitors may possess greater technical, manufacturing,
    research and development, sales, marketing, and financial resources and capabilities than we do. These
    competitors may respond more swiftly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements.

    To remain competitive, we must continue to invest significant resources in modernisation, manufacturing, sales
    and marketing, and customer support. We cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient resources to make these
    investments or achieve the technological advancements necessary to remain competitive. Failure to compete
    successfully against current or future competitors could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and
    financial condition. For further information, refer to the chapter titled “Industry Overview” beginning on page
    125 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

31. We have incurred indebtedness and an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing
    agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

    As of April 30, 2026, we had total outstanding borrowings of ₹504.93 Lakhs, which are secured borrowings. As
    a part of financing agreements and/or arrangements, we are obligated to adhere to the repayment and other
    covenants. While we have not defaulted on any covenants in financing agreements in the past, we cannot assure
    you that this will continue to be the case in the future. A failure to observe the covenants under our financing
    arrangements or to obtain necessary waivers, constitute defaults under the relevant financing agreements and will
    entitle the respective lenders to declare a default against us and enforce remedies under the terms of the financing
    agreements. If the obligations under any of our financing documents are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a
    portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing
    the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. In addition,
    during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising, further
    financing. For details of our borrowings, please refer to the chapter titled “Statement of Financial Indebtedness”
    beginning on page 234 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

    Further, we are susceptible to changes in interest rates and the risks arising therefrom. Under certain of our
    financing agreements, the lenders are entitled to charge the applicable rate of interest, which is a combination of
    a base rate/MCLR rate that depends upon the policies of the RBI and a contractually agreed spread, and in the
    event of an adverse change in our Company’s credit risk rating. Further, in recent years, the GoI has taken
    measures to control inflation, which included tightening the monetary policy by raising interest rates. As such,
    any increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and
    financial condition.

32. Certain of our Promoters have provided personal guarantees for certain borrowings obtained by our Company.
    Any failure or default by our Company to repay such loans could trigger repayment obligations on our

                                                            43
    Promoters which may impact their ability to effectively service their obligations and thereby, adversely impact
    our business and operations.

    Our Promoters, Rohit Asawa, Chanda Asawa and Divya Asawa has given personal guarantees in favour of The
    Cosmos Co Op Bank Limited against the Cash Credit loans obtained by our Company. The concerned Promoter(s)
    may be considered to be interested to the extent of personal guarantees given by them in favour of our lenders
    against the loans sanctioned to us. The details regarding the guarantees extended by our Promoters in favour of
    our lenders, as of March 31, 2026 , are set forth in the table below:

     Guarantee             Guarantee             Borrower                      Guarantee                Type of facility
     issued by             issued in favour                                    amount (in ₹
                           of                                                  Lakhs)
     Rohit Asawa           The Cosmos Co         The Company                   500.00                   Cash Credit
     Chanda Asawa          Op Bank Limited
     Divya Asawa
    Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
    dated May 15, 2026.

    For further details in relation to our borrowings, refer to the chapter titled “Statement of Financial Indebtedness”
    beginning on page 234 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Any default or failure by our Company to repay
    loans in a timely manner or at all could trigger repayment obligations on the part of our Promoters in respect of
    such loans. This, in turn, could have an impact on the Promoters’ ability to effectively service their obligations as
    the Promoters of our Company, thereby having an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
    financial condition. Further, in the event that our Promoters withdraw or terminate the guarantees, our lenders for
    such facility may ask for alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facility, or even
    terminate such facility. We may not be successful in procuring guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a
    result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facility or seek additional sources of capital, which
    could affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

33. The regulatory framework governing sourcing, testing and quality requirements for raw materials used in our
    products may become more stringent, which could increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our
    operations.

    The industry in which we operate is subject to evolving regulatory oversight, and authorities may introduce tighter
    requirements relating to raw material sourcing, contamination controls, testing frequency, stability studies,
    documentation and traceability, particularly given the health-sensitive nature of Ayurvedic and medicinal
    products. Any such changes may require us to modify our procurement practices, enhance testing protocols,
    increase documentation and validation efforts or make additional investments in quality systems and
    infrastructure. Compliance with more stringent requirements could result in increased operating costs, operational
    complexity and potential delays in manufacturing or product releases, which could adversely affect our business,
    results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

    Further, increased regulatory scrutiny or changes in inspection and enforcement practices may also expose us to
    a higher risk of observations, corrective actions or other regulatory measures if our systems are deemed inadequate
    or non-compliant. Our inability to timely adapt to such enhanced requirements, or any deficiencies identified in
    our raw material controls, quality testing or documentation practices, could result in regulatory action, product
    recalls or reputational harm.

    Our Company seeks to address these risks through various measures, including working with approved raw-
    material vendors that are subject to defined qualification procedures, maintaining in-house quality control and
    quality assurance teams responsible for batch-level testing, documentation and traceability, and planning
    investments in quality infrastructure as our operations scale. However, these measures may not be sufficient to
    address all future regulatory changes or compliance expectations, and we cannot assure you that such enhanced
    requirements, if introduced, will not materially and adversely affect our business.

34. We are dependent on third party transportation and logistics service providers. Any increase in the charges of
    these entities could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.




                                                                44
    Our Company procures raw materials from third party domestic vendors, which are brought to our Manufacturing
    Facility through third party logistics providers including overland transport companies. Similarly, our finished
    products are transported from our Manufacturing Facility to our customers by using third party shipping
    companies and logistics and transportation vehicles which are not owned or controlled by us. The logistics service
    providers are, therefore, integral to our business operations. We have over the years engaged the services of
    logistics service providers for our business operations. We do not, however, have any contractual arrangements
    with such third-party logistics service providers. We are, therefore, constrained to rely on a large number of such
    overland transport providers and shipping companies.

    If we cannot fully offset any increases in freight costs, through increases in the prices for our products, we would
    experience lower margins. In addition, any increase in export tariffs also will increase expenses which in turn may
    adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

    While these third-party logistics service providers have generally, in the past, been reliable, we cannot assure you
    that they will continue to be available to us as required. If such third-party logistics service providers discontinue
    their services for a reasonable length of time and, if we are unable to obtain the services of other service providers,
    our business operations could be adversely impacted, at times, significantly.

    We may also be exposed to the risk of theft, accidents and/or loss of our products in transit. While there have been
    no material instances of theft, accident or loss since incorporation of our Company, we cannot assure you that
    such incidents will not occur in future. Any such acts could result in serious liability claims (for which we may
    not be adequately insured) which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
    operations.

    Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will not be liable for acts of negligence or other acts which may result in
    harm or injury to third parties. Any such acts could result in serious liability claims (for which we may not be
    adequately insured) which may, in addition to resulting in pecuniary liability also entail personal liability, which
    could significantly adversely impact our business operations and financial condition.

35. Our Company has acquired rights, title, and interest in certain trademarks pursuant to duly executed
    assignment deeds, uncertainty in approval of post-registration changes for assigned trademarks may adversely
    affect our rights and operations.

    Our Company has acquired rights, title, and interest in certain trademarks pursuant to duly executed assignment
    deeds dated February 06, 2026, namely the device marks “FOSGATE” (TM No. 3839706, Class 05),
    “CRANALL” (TM No. 3839703, Class 05), and “TAMSURAL-D” (TM No. 3839710, Class 05) from M/s Ameya
    Pharmaceuticals (a proprietorship firm), and “RITEVEDA” (TM No. 5623859, Class 05) from Mr. Kakarlapudi
    Krishna Kiran (an individual), and has filed applications for post-registration changes before the Registrar of
    Trademarks under the Trade Marks Act, 1999 to record itself as the subsequent proprietor, bearing application
    numbers 13777638 (FOSGATE), 13777604 (CRANALL), 13777703 (TAMSURAL-D), and 13777753
    (RITEVEDA); however, such applications are subject to review and approval, and there can be no assurance that
    the Registrar will approve the same in a timely manner or at all, and there exists a risk that the said requests for
    change in ownership details may be objected to or rejected due to procedural deficiencies or otherwise, in which
    case our Company may not be recognized as the registered proprietor of such trademarks, thereby potentially
    restricting our ability to use and enforce such trademarks, exposing us to disputes or claims, and adversely
    affecting our business, brand value, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. For further details
    on our intellectual properties, refer to the chapter titled “Government and Other Approvals” beginning on page
    250 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

36. Our interactions with healthcare professionals are subject to applicable ethical standards and regulatory
    requirements, and any failure to comply may result in regulatory action, reputational harm and adverse impact
    on our business.

    Our business involves interactions with healthcare professionals in connection with dissemination of product-
    related information, disease awareness and scientific engagement activities. Such interactions are subject to
    applicable ethical standards, regulatory requirements and industry practices in India, including restrictions on
    promotional conduct, inducements and representations made to healthcare professionals. Regulatory authorities
    have increased scrutiny over interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare professionals, and any
    alleged or actual non-compliance may result in regulatory action, penalties, restrictions on promotional activities,
    adverse publicity or reputational harm, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of

                                                              45
    operations and financial condition. Any failure by our employees, representatives or third parties acting on our
    behalf to comply with applicable ethical standards or internal policies governing such interactions could expose
    us to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions or civil liability. Further, evolving regulatory expectations or
    stricter enforcement practices may increase our compliance burden and limit the manner in which we engage with
    healthcare professionals, which could adversely affect our marketing efforts and business operations.

    While the Company follows compliant offline promotional practices, including participation in continuing
    medical education programmes, medical camps and scientific discussions, and field staff activities are governed
    by internal compliance guidelines, we cannot assure that these measures will prevent all instances of non-
    compliance. Any violation of applicable ethical or regulatory requirements in relation to our interactions with
    healthcare professionals may result in regulatory action against our Company and could adversely affect our
    reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.

37. Changes in taxation or import and export duties and documentation norms may adversely affect our cost
    structures and timelines for entering international markets.

    Our business is subject to applicable tax laws, regulations and policies in India, including those relating to indirect
    taxes, duties and levies, which may be amended or reinterpreted from time to time. Any adverse changes in tax
    rates, levy structures, exemptions, input credit mechanisms or compliance requirements may increase our cost of
    operations or affect our pricing flexibility. Such increases in costs may not be fully absorbed through operational
    efficiencies and may adversely affect our margins, profitability and cash flows. Further, any future expansion of
    our business into international markets would subject us to export-related regulatory and documentation
    requirements, including those relating to customs procedures, product registration, labelling, certifications and
    other trade compliances. Changes in export documentation norms, regulatory processes or timelines, or delays in
    obtaining required registrations or approvals, could result in increased compliance costs, operational delays or
    disruption of planned international business activities, which could adversely affect our growth plans and
    prospects.

    While we maintain flexible procurement and pricing strategies and are strengthening our export compliance
    capabilities, including documentation and product registration processes, in anticipation of entering foreign
    markets, we cannot assure that such measures will adequately address all changes in taxation or export-related
    regulatory requirements. Any inability to comply with applicable or revised tax laws or export documentation
    norms, or any delays arising therefrom, may result in additional costs, penalties or disruptions to our business
    plans, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

38. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which
    may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

    Our operations are subject to various risks inherent to nutraceutical and pharmaceutical manufacturing industry
    including defects, liability for product and/or property damage, malfunctions and failures of manufacturing
    equipment, fire, riots, strikes, explosions, loss-in-transit for our products, accidents, personal injury or death, and
    natural disasters. We maintain insurance policies that are customary in the industry in which we operate such as
    burglary insurance policy, fire insurance, group health insurance, etc. For further details of the insurance policies
    availed by our Company, refer to the chapter titled "Business Overview – Insurance Policies" beginning on page
    189 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

    Our insurance may not be adequate to completely cover any or all of our risks and liabilities. Further, there is no
    assurance that the insurance premiums payable by us will be commercially viable or justifiable. Accordingly, our
    inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business could adversely affect our
    operations and profitability.

    We cannot assure you that, in the future, any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured
    fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Further, an insurance
    claim once made could lead to an increase in our insurance premium, result in higher deductibles and also require
    us to spend towards addressing certain covenants specified by the insurance companies. We had no insurance
    claims that were receivable during the last three Fiscals.

    To the extent that we suffer loss or damage as a result of events for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance,
    or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or the amount received pursuant to an

                                                              46
    insurance claim, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and
    cash flows could be adversely affected.

39. Our operations are subject to high working capital requirements. Our inability to maintain an optimal level of
    working capital required for our business may impact our operations adversely.

    Our business requires significant amount of working capital and major portion of our working capital is utilized
    towards trade receivables, inventories and payment to creditors. The working capital requirements of our
    Company (based on restated financial statements) is as under:
                                                                                                       (₹ in Lakhs)
      Particulars                                 Fiscal 2026             Fiscal 2025            Fiscal 2024
      Current Assets (excluding cash and cash
                                                  2,025.07                905.54                 433.01
      equivalents)
      Current Liabilities (excluding short term
                                                  276.54                  219.61                 145.76
      borrowings)
      Working Capital                             1,748.53                685.93                 287.25

    Our growing scale and expansion may result in increase in the quantum of current assets, leading to higher working
    capital requirements. Our inability to maintain adequate cash flow, secure credit facilities, or arrange other sources
    of funding in a timely manner, or at all, could adversely impact our financial condition and business operations.

    However, we intend to utilize net proceeds of upto ₹1,375.00 Lakhs towards working capital requirements which
    will support our operational needs and help sustain our growth. For further details regarding the utilization of
    funds, please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue- Funding for Working Capital Requirements”
    beginning on page 101 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. However, there can be no assurance that our
    estimated working capital requirements will not increase in the future or that we will not require additional
    financing and any inability to secure such financing on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, may adversely
    impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

40. As we continue to grow, we may not be able to effectively manage our growth and the increased complexity of
    our business, which could negatively impact our and financial performance.

    The future success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our operational and
    growth strategies. As a part of our growth strategy, we aim to, among other things, continue to grow our businesses
    as and when opportunities exist including expansion in product base, focus on consistently meeting quality
    standards, deepen and expand our geographical presence, strengthening up our business through effective
    marketing, promotional and digital initiatives. In pursuing our growth strategy, we will require additional capital
    investments and cash outlays, which may have a material impact on our cash flows and results of operations.

    Our operating expenses and capital requirements may increase significantly pursuant to our expansion and
    diversification plans. Our ability to manage our growth effectively requires us to forecast accurately our sales,
    growth and manufacturing capacity and to expend funds to improve our operational, financial and management
    controls, reporting systems and procedures. An inability to implement our future business plan, manage our
    growth effectively or failure to secure the required funding on favourable terms or at all could have a material and
    adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and results of operations.

41. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future.

    Our Company has entered into various transactions with our Directors, Promoters and Promoter Group
    members/entities. These transactions, inter-alia includes, sales, purchase, loans and remuneration. For details,
    please refer to “Financial Information of the Company” beginning on page 231 and Chapter titled “Capital
    Structure” beginning on page 80 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

    While our Company trust that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, there can be no
    assurance that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions not been entered into with
    related parties.

    Further, It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although all related-party
    transactions that we may enter into in the future are subject to approval by Board or shareholders, as required


                                                             47
    under the Companies Act, we cannot assure you that such future transactions or any other future transactions,
    individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and
    results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions are not entered
    into with related parties.

42. Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall be
    subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior approval of the shareholders of our Company.

    We propose to utilize the Net Proceeds for Investment in Branding, Digital Marketing and Sales Expansion
    activities up to ₹ 750.00 Lakhs, funding working capital requirements up to ₹ 1,375.00 Lakhs, and general
    corporate purposes. For further details of the proposed objects of the Issue, refer to the chapter titled “Objects of
    the Issue” beginning on page 99 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

    At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other
    expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic
    conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies
    Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the
    shareholders’ approval by way of a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to
    undertake variation in the disclosed utilization of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’
    approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may
    adversely affect our business or operations.

    Further, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the Shareholders who do not agree
    with our proposal to change the objects of the Issue or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as
    prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters or controlling shareholders to provide an exit
    opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters or controlling shareholders from agreeing to
    the variation of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our
    Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will
    have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price
    prescribed by SEBI.

    In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Issue to use any unutilized
    proceeds of the Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus,
    even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to
    any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any,
    or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

43. We are required to obtain, renew or maintain certain material statutory and regulatory permits and approvals
    required to operate our business, and if we fail to do so in a timely manner or at all, we may be unable to
    operate our business and our results of operations may be adversely affected.

    Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a
    number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in the
    geographies in which we operate, generally for carrying out our business and for our manufacturing facility. For
    details of material approvals relating to the business and operations of our Company, refer to the chapter titled
    "Government and Other Approvals" beginning on page 250 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

    A majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration and require timely renewal. The approvals required
    by us are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked
    in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to
    any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations
    governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals
    and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. In
    addition, these registrations, approvals or licenses are liable to be cancelled or the manufacture or sale of products
    may be restricted. In case any of these registrations, approvals or licenses are cancelled, or its use is restricted,
    then it could adversely affect our results of operations or growth prospects.

    While we have experienced certain instances of failure to obtain, maintain or renew approvals, licenses and
    registrations required to conduct our business during the preceding three Fiscals, we cannot assure you that such
    approvals, licenses and registrations will be granted or renewed in a timely manner or at all in the future. Further,

                                                             48
    there can be no assurance that any of our existing approvals or consents will not be suspended, cancelled or
    revoked. Any failure to obtain, maintain or renew the approvals, licenses and registrations necessary for our
    operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

44. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments
    may adversely impact our results of operations.

    Due to the nature of, and the inherent risks in, the agreements and arrangements with our customers, we are subject
    to counterparty credit risk and a significant delay in receiving large payments or non-receipt of large payments
    may adversely impact our results of operations. Our operations involve extending credit to our customers in
    respect of sale of our products and consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these
    outstanding amounts. There is no assurance that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers.
    Timely collection of dues from customers also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments
    and subsequently bill for and collect from our clients. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we
    may experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our customer balances, which could adversely
    affect our results of operations and cash flows. We are also dependent upon the market for financing, and the
    inability for us, our customers or our suppliers to obtain and maintain sufficient capital financing, including
    working capital lines, and credit insurance may adversely affect our, our customers’ and our suppliers’ liquidity
    and financial condition.

    Accordingly, we had and may continue to have high levels of outstanding receivables. As of Fiscals 2026, 2025
    and 2024, our trade receivables were ₹1058.69 Lakhs, ₹563.96 Lakhs and ₹155.26 Lakhs, respectively, which
    constituted 24.58%, 26.86% and 10.76% of our revenue from operations for the respective periods. If our
    customers delay or default in making these payments, our profits margins and cash flows could be adversely
    affected.

45. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or
    accurately report, our financial risks.

   Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud.
   Moreover, any internal controls that we have or may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls,
   may deteriorate over time due to evolving business conditions. Further, failure or absence of adequate internal
   control systems may also affect our business operations. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal
   controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate
   measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. Any inability on our part to adequately
   detect, rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to
   accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks, and to avoid fraud.

46. Major fraud, system failures, theft, employee negligence or similar incidents could adversely impact the
    Company’s business.

    Our Company is vulnerable to risks arising from fraud, theft, employee negligence, unauthorised actions, system
    failures, information system disruptions, communication system failures and interception during transmission
    through external communication channels or networks. Any failure to prevent fraud or security breaches may
    adversely affect our operations and financial performance.

    Our reputation could also be adversely affected by significant fraud or misconduct committed by our employees,
    agents, customers or third parties. Despite implementing measures and procedures intended to reduce such risks,
    there can be no assurance that we will completely avoid instances of fraud, theft, employee negligence, system
    failures or security lapses in the future. Any such occurrence could lead to financial losses and adversely affect
    our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we have not experienced any such material
    incidents in the past, we cannot assure that similar incidents will not occur in the future.

47. We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, which may not be available on terms
    favourable to us or at all and may impose certain restrictive covenants that limit our operations or our ability
    to pay dividends, or in the case of an issuance of securities, dilute our shareholders.

    We may require additional capital to fund our operating expenses, as well as the future growth and development
    of our business. To the extent that the funds generated by our operations are insufficient to cover our liquidity

                                                             49
    requirements, we may seek to issue additional equity or debt securities or obtain new or expanded credit facilities.
    Our ability to obtain external financing in the future is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including our future
    financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, share price performance (once our Company is listed on the
    Stock Exchange), and the condition of capital and lending markets in India.

    Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising
    activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional
    capital and to pursue business opportunities. Furthermore, our Company may be required to use a substantial
    portion of our cash flows from operations to pay interest and repay the principal of such indebtedness. Such
    payments would reduce the funds available to us for working capital, capital expenditures and other corporate
    purposes and would limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures,
    expansion plans and other corporate actions.

    Moreover, we cannot be certain that additional financing will be available to us on favourable terms, or at all.
    While we have not faced any such instances in the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, if we are unable to obtain adequate
    financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us in the future, our ability to continue to support our business
    growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited, and our business, financial condition
    and results of operations could be adversely affected.

48. We have issued Equity shares in the last one year from the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, which
    could have been issued at a price lower than the Issue price.

    Except for the allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to a bonus issue as disclosed in “Capital Structure – Issue of
    shares for consideration other than cash or by way of bonus issue or out of revaluation reserves” and as
    disclosed under “Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company”
    beginning on pages 87 and 89, respectively, in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not issued or
    allotted any Equity Shares at a price which may be lower than the Issue Price, during a period of one year preceding
    the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

49. We rely on certain key operating metrics and non-GAAP measures to evaluate the performance of our business,
    and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business.

    We track certain operational metrics, including order counts and key business and non-GAAP metrics such as Net
    Worth and Return on Net Worth, Net Asset Value per Equity Share, and EBITDA (excluding other income). Users
    among others, with internal systems and tools and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published
    by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal
    systems and tools have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change
    over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If
    the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics under-or over-count performance or contain
    algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on
    what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are
    inherent challenges in measuring how our platform is used across large populations. For example, the accuracy of
    our operating metrics could be impacted by fraudulent customers. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to
    how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details
    of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics are not accurate
    representations of our business, if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover
    material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, we expect that our business, reputation, cash flows, results of
    operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. Please refer to the chapter titled “Management’s
    Discussion and Analysis of our Results of Operations” beginning on page 236 of this Draft Red Herring
    Prospectus for more details.

50. Our Key Managerial Personnel do not have prior experience in managing the affairs of a listed company,
    which may impact our ability to comply with regulatory requirements.

    Certain members of our Key Managerial Personnel have not previously been associated with a company whose
    equity shares are listed on stock exchanges in India. Consequently, our KMP may not have the requisite experience
    in complying with specific obligations relating to a listed company, including corporate governance requirements,
    reporting obligations, investor relations, and other compliances mandated under the SEBI regulations and the
    listing agreements with the stock exchanges. Although we believe that our management team is capable of
    addressing these requirements with the support of experienced professionals, any inability on their part to adapt

                                                             50
    to such compliance requirements in a timely and effective manner could result in regulatory penalties, reputational
    risks, and could adversely affect our business operations and the trading price of our Equity Shares.

51. Certain of our Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP”) have been associated with our Company for less than a
    year, which may pose challenges in terms of understanding our business operations and industry.

    Certain of our KMP have relatively recent association with our Company, having joined within the past year. As
    a result, they may still be in the process of developing a deep understanding of our business operations, internal
    processes, and industry dynamics. This limited period of association may affect the effectiveness of their decision-
    making and leadership in the immediate term. Further, the lack of a long working history with our Company may
    pose challenges in implementing long-term strategies or managing unforeseen business contingencies. Any
    inability of our KMP to fully acclimatize to our business or to provide effective leadership could have an adverse
    effect on our business operations, financial condition, and results of operations.

52. Our Directors and key managerial personnel have interests in our Company in addition to their remuneration
    and reimbursement of expenses.

    Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company to the extent of their respective
    shareholding in our Company, the transactions mentioned in “Restated Financial Statement –Annexure 05-
    Restated Statement of Share Capital” beginning on page 231 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, as recipients
    of dividends, bonus or other similar distributions, including Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that if our
    Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are also our Shareholders, they will exercise their rights as shareholders
    for the benefit and best interest of our Company. For details on the interests of our Directors and Key Managerial
    Personnel, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, refer to chapter
    titled “Management – Interest of Directors” on page 211 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

53. Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will continue jointly to retain majority control over our
    Company even after the Issue which will allow them to determine the outcome of matters submitted to
    shareholders for approval.

    Post this Issue, our Promoters and Promoter Group will collectively own [●] of our post Issue Equity Share
    Capital. As a result, our Promoters, together with the members of the Promoter Group, will continue to exercise
    a significant degree of influence over the Company and will be able to control the outcome of any proposal that
    can be approved by a majority shareholder vote, including, the election of members to our Board, in accordance
    with the Companies Act, 2013 and our Articles of Association. Such a concentration of ownership may also have
    the effect of delaying, preventing, or deterring a change in control of our Company.

    In addition, our Promoters will continue to have the ability to cause us to take actions that are not in, or may
    conflict with, our interests or the interests of some or all of our creditors or other shareholders and we cannot
    assure you that such actions will not have an adverse effect on our future financial performance or the price of our
    Equity Shares.

54. The Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each have never been publicly traded, and, after the Issue, the Equity
    Shares of face value of ₹10 each may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market
    for the Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each may not develop.

    Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock
    Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation do not guarantee that a market
    for the Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the
    Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each is proposed to be determined through
    a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares of face value of ₹10
    each at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each or at any time
    thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each may be subject to significant
    fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market
    conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets
    in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or
    earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. In
    addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public
    offerings managed by the BRLM is below their respective issue prices. For further details, refer to chapter titled


                                                            51
    “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLM”
    beginning on page 265 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

55. Our ability to pay any dividends will depend upon future earnings, financial condition, cash flows and working
    capital requirements.

    We may retain all our future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of our business. As a result,
    we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and
    payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on factors that our Board
    of Directors deem relevant, including among others, our results of operations, financial condition, cash
    requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Accordingly, realization of a gain on
    shareholders investments may largely depend upon the appreciation of the price of our Equity Shares. There can
    be no assurance that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. For details of our Dividend history refer to the
    chapter titled “Dividend Policy” beginning on page 230 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

56. We cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of facts and other statistics with respect to India, the Indian
    economy and industry in which we operate contained in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

    While facts and other statistics in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus relate to India, the Indian economy and the
    industry in which we operate has been based on various governmental and organizational web site data that we
    believe are reliable, we cannot guarantee the quality or reliability of such materials. While we have taken
    reasonable care in the reproduction of such information, industry facts and other statistics have not been prepared
    or independently verified by us or any of our respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we make no
    representation as to their accuracy or completeness. These facts and other statistics include the facts and statistics
    included in the chapter titled “Industry Overview” beginning on page 125 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
    Due to possibly flawed or ineffective data collection methods or discrepancies between published information and
    market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics
    produced elsewhere and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or
    compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy, as the case may be, elsewhere.

57. Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus contain information from the Infomerics Report which
    has been commissioned and paid for by us and any reliance on such information for making an investment
    decision in this offering is subject to inherent risks.

    Certain sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the
    Infomerics Report or extracts of the Infomerics Report, prepared by Infomerics Analytics & Research, pursuant
    to an engagement with our Company. Certain extracts of the Infomerics Report can be found in the chapter titled
    “Industry Overview” beginning on page 125 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the Infomerics Report can
    be found in its entirety on the Company’s website at www.himalayanutravedics.com. We commissioned and paid
    for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in which we operate in connection
    with the Issue. All such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus indicates the Infomerics Report as its
    source. Accordingly, any information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the
    Infomerics Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing. Industry sources and publications are
    also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends.
    Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and
    assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. The Infomerics Report highlights certain industry and market data
    and is subject to various limitations and is based upon certain assumptions that may be subjective in nature.
    Methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may
    change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that the assumptions made by the Infomerics Report is
    correct or will not change and accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Draft
    Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the Infomerics Report is not a recommendation to invest/disinvest in any
    company covered in the Infomerics Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance
    on or base their investment decision solely on this information.

58. The Issue price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the
    Issue and the market price of our Equity Shares may decline below the Issue price and you may not be able to
    sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price.

    Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares and an active trading market on the Stock
    Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market

                                                             52
    for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue
    Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLM through the Book
    Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under the chapter titled “Basis for
    the Issue Price” beginning on page 115 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and may not be indicative of the
    market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time
    thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among
    other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we
    operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India,
    problems such as temporary closure, broker default and settlement delays experienced by the Indian Stock
    Exchanges, strategic actions by us or our competitors, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators,
    variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications and changes in economic, legal and other
    regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell
    your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, or at all. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock
    markets in the recent past and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A
    decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment.

59. There is no guarantee that the Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Issue will be listed on exchange in a timely
    manner or at all.

    In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of the Equity Shares issued pursuant
    to the Issue will not be granted until after the Equity Shares have been issued and allotted. Approval for listing
    and trading will require all relevant documents authorizing the issuing of Equity Shares to be submitted. There
    could be a failure or delay in listing the Equity Shares on exchange. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval
    would restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares.

60. The requirements of being a public listed company may strain our resources and impose additional
    requirements.

    With the increased scrutiny of the affairs of a public listed company by shareholders, regulators and the public at
    large, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur
    in the past. We will also be subject to the provisions of the listing agreements signed with the Stock Exchange
    which require us to file unaudited financial results on a half yearly basis. In order to meet our financial control
    and disclosure obligations, significant resources band management supervision will be required. As a result,
    management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could have an adverse effect on our
    business and operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or
    readily determine and report any changes to our results of operations in a timely manner as other listed companies.
    In addition, we will need to increase the strength of our management team and hire additional legal and accounting
    staff with appropriate public company experience and accounting knowledge and we cannot assure that we will
    be able to do so in a timely manner.

61. The deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Issue is at the discretion of our management and may not result in
    the intended benefits.

    In terms of applicable regulations, we are not required to appoint a monitoring agency for the Issue. Accordingly,
    the deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Issue will be at the discretion of our management, in accordance with
    applicable laws. While we intend to utilize the Net Proceeds for the Objects of the Issue as stated in this Draft Red
    Herring Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such deployment will yield the intended results. Any variation
    in utilization may adversely affect our business and financial condition.


    EXTERNAL RISKS FACTORS

62. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business,
    results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

    The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in
    securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects
    on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic
    developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor
    confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in

                                                             53
    general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have
    an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reduce the price of our
    Equity Shares.

    We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth
    and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in
    which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our
    products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies.
    Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic
    consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports,
    global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which
    affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy or other countries
    where we operate could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Also, a
    change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic
    conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of
    inflation in India or other countries where we operate could increase our costs without proportionately increasing
    our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. Any or all of these factors could have an adverse effect
    on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reduce the price of our Equity Shares.

63. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19
    pandemic, could materially and adversely affect our business, our business, financial performance, cash flows
    and prospects. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the
    financial markets and our business.

    The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires,
    explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, human monkey pox (MPX) and man-
    made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could materially and adversely affect our business,
    our business, financial performance, cash flows and prospects. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war
    in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in
    international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern
    regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has
    witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years, in particular communal violence across ethnic or communal
    lines involving conflicts, riots and other forms of violence between communities of different religious faith or
    ethnic origins, and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events
    in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that
    investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business
    and the market price of the Equity Shares. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 virus or future
    outbreaks of COVID-19 virus, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the
    Indian economy and economic activity in the region and in turn have a material adverse effect on our business
    and the trading price of the Equity Shares.

64. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer.

    Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian
    economy. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely
    affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a
    decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could
    adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India
    could also materially and adversely affect our business, our business, financial performance, cash flows and
    prospects and the trading price of the Equity Shares.

    India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions
    affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian
    economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect
    our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. The Indian economy is also
    influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia.
    A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy,
    which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial performance, cash flows and prospects. A
    loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may


                                                               54
    adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business, our business,
    financial performance, cash flows and prospects and the market price of the Equity Shares.

    India has from time-to-time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between
    neighbouring countries. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by
    disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater
    perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future,
    as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy. A number
    of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious
    diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and
    H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus.

    Other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India,
    resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and
    expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges;
    changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, such as political instability, terrorism or military conflict
    in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence
    of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing
    regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant
    regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India.

65. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional
    rate thereby reducing our margins.

    Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has
    experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and
    increased costs to our business, including increased wages and other expenses relevant to our business.

    High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs.
    Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to
    our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial
    performance, cash flows and prospects. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or entirely offset
    any increases in costs with increases in the manufacturing cost for our products. In such case, our business,
    financial performance, cash flows and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. Further, the
    Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether
    these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the
    future.

66. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely
    affect our business.

    The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (the “Competition Act”), regulates practices having an appreciable
    adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal
    arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect
    on competition is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any
    agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices,
    limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares
    the market or source of production or provision of services by way of allocation of geographical area, type of
    goods or number of clients in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding
    is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a
    dominant position by any enterprise.

    The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an
    appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, the Competition Commission of India (“CCI”) has
    extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside
    India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India.

    The applicability or interpretation of the Competition Act to any merger, amalgamation or acquisition proposed
    or undertaken by us, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by CCI for alleged violation of provisions of the


                                                               55
    Competition Act may materially and adversely affect our business, financial performance, cash flows and
    prospects.

67. A downgrade in ratings of India and other jurisdictions we operate in may affect the trading price of the Equity
    Shares.

    Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India.
    Any adverse revisions to credit ratings for India and other jurisdictions we operate in by international rating
    agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing or refinance our outstanding debt. This
    could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms and consequently adversely
    affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares.

68. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets.

    The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries,
    including those in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Global economic
    developments, geopolitical tensions and international trade dynamics may result in increased volatility in, or
    disruption to, worldwide financial markets and the global economy. Such volatility and potential trade restrictions
    could lead to fluctuations in the markets for certain securities and commodities and may contribute to inflationary
    pressures. Any worldwide financial instability, including the possibility of disruptions in major sovereign debt
    markets, may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect
    the Indian economy and financial sector and our business. Although economic conditions differ across countries,
    investor reactions to developments in one region may have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other
    regions, including India. A decline in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may
    result in increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, the broader Indian economy. Concerns
    relating to trade disputes among major economies may lead to heightened risk aversion and volatility in global
    capital markets, which could adversely impact the Indian economy.

    In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners, and concerns regarding a potential slowdown in the
    Chinese economy, as well as evolving bilateral relations, could adversely impact trade relations between the two
    countries. In response to such global developments, legislators and financial regulators in various jurisdictions,
    including India and the United States, have implemented policy measures aimed at enhancing financial stability.
    However, the long-term effectiveness of such measures remains uncertain and may not achieve the intended
    stabilising outcomes. Further, in 2025, the United States administration continued to impose tariffs on certain
    Indian exports under its “Fair and Reciprocal Plan,” targeting sectors such as steel, aluminum and other goods in
    an effort to address perceived trade imbalances.

    These developments, or the perception that any of them may occur, have had and may continue to have an adverse
    effect on global economic conditions and the stability of financial markets. This may significantly reduce global
    market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets, or limit our
    access to capital. Any such impact could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results
    of operations, and may lead to a decline in the price of the Equity Shares.

69. The Indian tax regime has undergone substantial changes which could adversely affect our business and the
    trading price of the Equity Shares.

    Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares
    of an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares may
    be partially or completely exempt from taxation in India in cases where such exemption is provided under a treaty
    between India and the country of which the seller is a resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s
    ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well
    as in their own jurisdiction on gains made upon the sale of the Equity Shares. The Finance Act, 2019 has clarified
    that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of
    securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through
    a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of certain securities, other than
    debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the
    consideration amount. Further, the Government of India announced the union budget for Fiscal 2026, following
    which the Finance Act, 2025 (“Finance Act”) received the President’s assent on March 29, 2025 and became
    effective on April 1, 2025. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and


                                                              56
    operations or on the industry in which we operate. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors to
    understand their tax liability as per the laws prevailing on the date of disposal of Equity Shares.

    Further, any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Income-tax Act,
    1961 (“IT Act”) was amended to provide domestic companies an option to pay corporate income tax at the
    effective rate of 25.17% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess), as compared to an
    effective rate of 34.94% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess), provided such
    companies do not claim certain specified deductions or exemptions. Further, where a company has opted to pay
    the reduced corporate tax rate, the minimum alternate tax provisions would not be applicable. Any such future
    amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such
    exemptions may no longer be available to us.

    Additionally, the Income-tax Act, 2025, which replaces the Income-tax Act, 1961, has been enacted and came
    into force on April 1, 2026. While the stated objective of the new legislation is to simplify and modernize India’s
    direct tax framework without materially altering existing tax policy, there can be no assurance regarding the
    interpretation, implementation or future amendments of the new law, which may adversely affect our business,
    financial condition, results of operations or the industry in which we operate.

    Another instance is that earlier, distribution of dividends by a domestic company was subject to Dividend
    Distribution Tax (“DDT”), in the hands of the company at an effective rate of 20.56% (inclusive of applicable
    surcharge and cess). Such dividends were generally exempt from tax in the hands of the shareholders. However,
    under the Finance Act 2020, any dividends paid by an Indian company will be subject to tax in the hands of the
    shareholders at applicable rates. Such taxes will be withheld by the Indian company paying dividends. Further,
    the Finance Act, 2021, which followed, removed the requirement for DDT to be payable in respect of dividends
    declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would
    not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. We may or may not grant
    the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at
    source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or
    regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such
    laws or regulations will be or whether if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our
    business. Further, any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on
    our profitability. In addition, we may be subject to tax related inquiries and claims. Uncertainty in the applicability,
    interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy,
    including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time
    consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our
    ability to grow our business in the future.

70. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S.
    GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of
    our financial condition.

    Our Restated Financial Statement for Financial Year 2026, 2025 and 2024 derived from our audited financial
    statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2026, 2025 and 2024 ; each prepared in accordance with Indian
    Accounting Standard 34 (Ind AS 34) as prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with Companies (Indian
    Accounting Standards) Rules 2015, as amended and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and
    restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations from time to time and the Guidance Note on Reports in
    Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

    Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting
    principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to
    be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial
    position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the
    preparation of our financial statements and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the
    differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance
    by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red
    Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly.

71. Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments in India against us or our management.



                                                              57
    Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are located in India and all of our
    Company’s Directors, and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for
    investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to
    enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India.

    India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments.
    The United Kingdom, Singapore, United Arab Emirates, and Hong Kong have been declared by the GoI to be
    reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. Section 44A of the Civil Code provides
    that where a foreign judgement has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of such section, in any
    country or territory outside of India which the GoI has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory,
    it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgement had been rendered by the relevant
    court in India. However, Section 44A of the Civil Code is applicable only to monetary decrees not being of the
    same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties.
    A judgement of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit
    on the judgement under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Under the Civil Code,
    a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgement,
    presume that the judgement was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on
    record. However, under the Civil Code, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have
    jurisdiction. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any
    amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties.

    Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced
    by proceedings in execution in India. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for
    reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. A final judgement for the
    payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not
    predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even
    if an investor obtained a judgement in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required
    to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. Any such suit must be brought in
    India within three years from the date of the judgement in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a
    civil liability in India.

    However, the party in whose favour such final judgement is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court
    in India based on a final judgement that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within
    three years of obtaining such final judgement. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the
    same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court will
    award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgement rendered outside India if it believes that the number of
    damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with public policy or Indian law. In addition, any person seeking
    to enforce a foreign judgement in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI under the FEMA to
    execute such a judgement or to repatriate any amount recovered.

72. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they
    purchase in the Issue.

    The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws and practice, certain
    actions in relation to the Issue must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity
    Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are
    expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the
    Stock Exchanges.

    The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account
    with a depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading
    in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchange is expected to
    commence within three Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the
    Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence
    trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no
    assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares
    will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at
    the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to
    investors within the prescribed time periods.


                                                            58
                                         SECTION III – INTRODUCTION

                                             ISSUE DETAILS IN BRIEF

                                                                          (₹ in Lakhs except share data)
 PRESENT ISSUE IN TERMS OF THIS DRAFT RED HERRING PROSPECTUS
 Equity Shares Issued through Public Issue (1)(2) Up to 25,00,000 Equity shares of face value of ₹10/-
                                                  of our Company at a price of ₹[●] per Equity Share
                                                  aggregating up to ₹[●] Lakhs
 Out of which:
 Issue Reserved for the Market Maker                          [●] Equity Shares having face value of ₹10/- each at a
                                                              price of ₹ [●] per Equity Shares aggregating
                                                              to ₹ [●] Lakhs.
 Net Issue to the Public                                      [●] Equity Shares having face value of ₹10/- each at a
                                                              price of ₹ [●] per Equity Shares aggregating
                                                              to ₹ [●] Lakhs.
 Out of which*
 A. QIB Portion(3)                                            Not more than [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹
                                                              [●] Lakhs
 Of which
  i. Anchor Investor Portion(4)                               [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs
  ii. Net QIB Portion (assuming Anchor Investor               [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs
      Portion is fully subscribed)
 Of which
 Available for allocation to Mutual Funds only (5% of         [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs
 the Net QIB Portion)
 Balance of QIB Portion for all QIBs including Mutual         [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs
 Funds
  B. Non-Institutional Portion(3)                             Not less than [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹
                                                              [●] Lakhs
 Of which
  i. One-third of the Non-Institutional Portion, [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs
      available for allocation to Bidders with an
      application size more than 3 lots and up to such
      lots such that the value of the application is not
      more than ₹10.00 Lakhs
  ii. Two-third of the Non-Institutional Portion,        [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs
      available for allocation to Bidders with an
      application size more than ₹10.00 Lakhs
 C. Individual Investor Portion(3)                       Not less than [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹
                                                         [●] Lakhs
 Pre and Post – Issue Equity Shares
 Equity Shares outstanding prior to the Issue            63,06,720 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each
 Equity Shares outstanding after the Issue                    [●] Equity Shares of face value ₹10/- each
 Use of Net Proceeds by Our Company                           Please see the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue”
                                                              beginning on page 99 for further information about the
                                                              use of the Net Proceeds.
*Subject to finalisation of the Basis of Allotment. Number of shares may need to be adjusted for lot size upon determination
of Issue price.


Notes:

1)   The Issue is being made in terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time.
     This Issue is being made by our Company in terms of Regulation of 229(1) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations read with Rule
     19(2)(b)(i) of SCRR wherein not less than 25% of the post-Issue paid up equity share capital of our Company are being
     issued to the public for subscription.



                                                            59
2)   The present Issue has been authorized by the Board of Directors vide a resolution passed at its meeting held on March
     06, 2026 and by the Shareholder of our Company, vide a special resolution passed pursuant to Section 62(1)(c) of the
     Companies Act, 2013 at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on March 09, 2026.

3)   The SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, 2018, permit the Issue of securities to the public through the Book Building Process, which
     states that, not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non
     Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to
     Individual Bidders and not more than 50% of the Net Issue shall be allotted on a proportionate basis to QIBs, subject to
     valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price. Accordingly, we have allocated the Net Issue i.e., not more than
     50% of the Net Issue to QIB and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors
     and not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to non-institutional bidders. Further, (a) 1/3rd
     of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with application size of more than two lots and up to
     such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10,00,000, and (b) 2/3rd of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for
     applicants with application size of more than ₹10,00,000. Provided that the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-
     categories specified in clauses (a) or (b), could be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of NIBs .The
     allocation to each NIB shall not be less than the minimum NIB Application Size, subject to availability of Equity Shares
     in the Non-Institutional Portion and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, was available for allocation on a
     proportionate basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regard in Schedule XIII of the SEBI (ICDR)
     Regulations.
4)   Our Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to
     Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. 40% of the Anchor Investor
     Portion shall be reserved for domestic mutual funds and life insurance companies and pension funds, out of which 33.33%
     shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above
     the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under- subscription in the Anchor Investor Portion, the remaining
     Equity Shares shall be added to the QIB Portion. Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on
     a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a
     proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids
     being received at or above the Issue Price. However, if the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than 5% of the
     Net QIB Portion, the balance Equity Shares available for allotment in the Mutual Fund Portion will be added to the Net
     QIB Portion and allocated proportionately to the QIB Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) in proportion to their Bids.
     For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “Issue Procedure” beginning on page 284 of this Draft Red Herring
     Prospectus.

5)   Subject to valid bids being received at or above the Issue Price, under subscription, if any, in any category, except in the
     QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders,
     as applicable, at the discretion of our Company in consultation with the BRLM and the Designated Stock Exchange,
     subject to applicable laws. Undersubscription, if any, in the QIB Portion (excluding the Anchor Investor Portion) will
     not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a combination of categories.

For details, including grounds for rejection of Bids, please refer to the chapters titled “Issue Structure” and “Issue Procedure”
beginning on pages 279 and 284, respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For details of the terms of the Issue, please
refer to the chapter titled “Terms of the Issue” beginning on page 268 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.


                            (The remainder of this page has been intentionally kept blank)




                                                              60
                              SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The following tables set forth summary financial information derived from the Restated Financial Statement. The
summary financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with “Restated Financial
Statement” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
on pages 231 and 236, respectively.
RESTATED STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                                                     (₹ in Lakhs)
                                                                   March      31,   March      31,   March 31,
 Particulars
                                                                   2026             2025             2024
 Equity and Liabilities
 Shareholders’ Funds
 Share Capital                                                     630.67           400.00           83.00
 Reserves and Surplus                                              1,007.41         275.71           52.54

 Non-Current Liabilities
 Long-Term Borrowings                                              -                54.00            62.43
 Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)                                    -                -                0.23
 Other Long-Term Liabilities                                       4.00             4.00             -
 Long-Term Provisions                                              9.99             6.37             4.13

 Current liabilities
 Short-Term Borrowings                                             513.18           121.95           261.08
 Trade Payables
 - Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises           45.05            120.42           59.86
 - Total outstanding dues other than micro and small enterprises   24.88            7.75             1.71
 Other Current Liabilities                                         53.88            47.14            64.74
 Short-Term Provisions                                             152.74           44.30            19.45

 Total                                                             2,441.80         1,081.65         609.17

 Assets
 Non-Current Assets
 Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets
 i) Property, Plant and Equipment                                  96.02            120.47           140.87
 ii) Capital work in Process                                       -                -                -
 iii) Intangible Assets                                            6.95             8.07             8.90
 Non Current Investments                                           6.84             3.34             1.84
 Deferred Tax Assets (Net)                                         -                -                -
 Long-Term Loans and Advances                                      -                -                -
 Other Non-Current Assets                                          162.39           37.52            -

 Current Assets
 Inventories                                                       891.54           328.41           252.29
 Trade Receivables                                                 1,058.69         563.96           155.26
 Cash and Cash Equivalent                                          144.54           6.71             24.54
 Short-Term Loans and Advances                                     6.09             7.45             13.79
 Other Current Assets                                              68.74            5.72             11.67

 Total                                                             2,441.80         1,081.65         609.17




                                                       61
RESTATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS

                                                                                     (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars                                     March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
Revenue
Revenue from operations                         4,306.75         2,099.65         1,442.56
Other income                                    5.28             0.04             0.32

Total Revenue                                   4,312.03         2,099.69         1,442.88

Expenses
Cost of Raw Material Consumed                   2,590.72         1,376.04         904.22
Purchase of Stock in Trade                      -                -                -
Change in Inventories of Finished Goods & WIP
                                                15.45            (79.44)          (57.55)
and Traded Goods
Employee benefits expense                       276.44           293.51           302.36
Finance costs                                   34.95            31.89            18.37
Depreciation and amortisation expense           32.54            42.34            16.04
Other expenses                                  613.80           210.53           199.99

Total Expenses                                  3,563.90         1,874.86         1,383.43

Profit Before Exceptional and Extraordinary
                                                748.13           224.83           59.46
Items and Tax

Add/(Less):- Exceptional/Prior Period Items     -                -                -

Profit Before Tax (PBT)                         748.13           224.83           59.46

Tax expense
Current tax                                     9.16             1.88             17.31
Income Tax MAT                                  124.88           37.42            -
MAT Entitlement                                 (124.88)         (37.42)          -
Deferred tax (credit)/charge                                     (0.23)           (0.46)
Total Tax Expenses                              9.16             1.65             16.85

Profit for the Year                             738.97           223.18           42.60

Pre-Bonus Earning Per Share (EPS)

Basic Earnings Per Share (BEPS)                 18.33            24.81            5.13
Diluted Earnings Per Share (DEPS)               18.33            24.81            5.13

Post-Bonus Earning Per Share (EPS)

Basic Earnings Per Share (BEPS)                 12.05            16.54            3.42
Diluted Earnings Per Share (DEPS)               12.05            16.54            3.42




                                                    62
RESTATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                         (₹ in Lakhs)
                                                          March
                                                                    March      31,   March       31,
Particulars                                               31,
                                                                    2025             2024
                                                          2026
A. Cash Flow From Operating Activities:-
Profit before tax, as restated                            748.13    224.83           59.46
Adjustments for :
Depreciation and amortisation                             32.54     42.34            16.04
Finance Cost                                              34.95     31.89            18.37
Interest & Dividend income                                (4.69)    -                -
Operating profit before working capital changes           810.94    299.05           93.87
Changes in Working Capital:
                                                          (563.13
(Increase) / decrease Inventories                                   (76.12)          (119.35)
                                                          )
                                                          (494.74
(Increase) / decrease in Trade Receivables                          (408.70)         (61.07)
                                                          )
(Increase) / decrease in Other Current Assets             (63.02)   5.95             (3.33)
Increase / (decrease) in Trade Payables                   (58.24)   66.60            6.29
Increase / (decrease) in Other Current Liabilities        6.73      (17.59)          27.39
Increase / (decrease) in Long Term Provision              3.62      2.24             3.60
Increase / (decrease) in Long Term Liabilities            -         4.00             -
                                                          (124.88
(Increase) / decrease in Non Current Assets                         (37.52)          -
                                                          )
Increase / (decrease) in Short Term Provision             108.44    24.85            14.82
                                                          (374.28
Cash generated from / (utilised in) operations                      (137.23)         (37.79)
                                                          )
Less : Income tax paid                                    (9.16)    (1.88)           (17.31)
Net cash flow from/(used in) operating activities after   (383.44
                                                                    (139.11)         (55.10)
working capital changes (A)                               )
B. Cash Flow From Investing Activities:-
 (Purchase)/Sale of property, plant and equipment         (6.98)    (21.10)          (107.96)
 Net of Purchase/ Proceeds from Sale of Investments       (3.50)    (1.50)           (1.84)
Interest and Dividend Received                            4.69      -                -
Net cash flow used in investing activities (B)            (5.79)    (22.60)          (109.80)
C. Cash Flow From Financing Activities:-
 (Increase) / decrease in Short term Loans and Advances   1.37      6.34             11.26
 Net of Repayment/Proceeds from Short Term Borrowings     391.23    (139.13)         128.92
 Net of Repayment/Proceeds from Long Term Borrowings      (54.00)   (8.44)           62.43
 Interest/Finance Charges Paid                            (34.95)   (31.89)          (18.37)
Net cash flow generated from/ (utilised in) financing
                                                          527.05    143.88           184.24
activities (C)
Net increase/ (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
                                                          137.82    (17.83)          19.34
(A+B+C)
Add:- Opening Cash & Cash Equivalents                     6.71      24.54            5.20
Closing cash & cash equivalents                           144.52    6.71             24.54




                                                     63
                               SUMMARY OF CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

A summary of our contingent liabilities for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March
31, 2024, as derived from our Restated Financial Statement are set forth below:

                                                                                                  (₹ in Lakhs)
 Particulars                                                               For the period/year ended
                                                                  As at           As at March        As     at
                                                                  March       31, 31,                March 31,
                                                                  2026            2025               2024
 I. Contingent Liabilities
 (a) claims against the company not acknowledged as debt;         27.26             NIL              NIL
 (b) guarantees excluding financial guarantees; and               NIL               NIL              NIL
 (c) other money for which the company is contingently liable     NIL               NIL              NIL
 II. Commitments                                                  NIL               NIL              NIL
 (a) estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed       NIL               NIL              NIL
 on capital account and not provided for
 (b) uncalled liability on shares and other investments partly    NIL               NIL              NIL
 paid
 (c) other commitments                                            NIL               NIL              NIL

The Company received a communication via e-mail dated December 23, 2025 from the Income Tax Department
under Section 143(1)(a) of the Income tax Act, 1961, stating that the deduction claimed in the return of income
for AY 2025–26 under Section 80 IAC of the Income tax Act, 1961 was proposed to be disallowed on the ground
that Form 10CCB had not been filed within the prescribed due date.

In response to the said communication, the Company submitted its reply on December 24, 2025, clarifying that
Form 10CCB had been duly obtained prior to filing the return of income and that the non-uploading of the form
on the income-tax portal was due to an inadvertent technical lapse. The Company further submitted that the form
was subsequently uploaded on December 16, 2025, and the same was accepted on December 19, 2025, prior to
the processing of the return. Accordingly, it was submitted that the delay was merely procedural in nature and that
all substantive conditions for claiming the deduction under Section 80-IAC had been duly satisfied. However, the
response submitted by the Company was not accepted by the Department, and an intimation order dated March
06, 2026 was issued under Section 143(1) of the Income tax Act, 1961, raising a demand of ₹27,25,970. Aggrieved
by the said intimation, the Company filed an appeal on March 24, 2026 before the appellate authority. The said
appeal is presently pending with the appellate authority.

For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statement” beginning on page 231 of
this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.




                          [The remainder of this page has intentionally been left blank]




                                                        64
                          SUMMARY OF RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

A summary of related party transactions entered into by our Company with related parties and the amount
outstanding as disclosed in the Restated Financial Statements for the financial years ended on March 31, 2026,
2025 and 2024 are as follows:

 Sr No.   Nature of Relationship                          Names of related parties       Relationship
                                                          Rohit Asawa                    Director
                                                          Sneha Penmatsa                 Director
                                                          Divya Asawa                    Director
           Key Management Personnel (KMP)                 Krishna Kanth Sarda            CFO
 1
                                                          Pooja Biyani                   CS
                                                          Ramya Inala                    Independent Director
                                                          Abhishek Dhoot                 Independent Director
                                                                                         Father       of   Rohit
                                                          Umesh Chand Asawa              Asawa

           Relative    of Key Management Personnel                                       Rohit Asawa          is
 2        (KMP)                                           Umesh Chand Asawa HUF          member of HUF

                                                                                         Spouse of         Sneha
                                                          Krishna Kiran Kakarlapudi      Penmatsa

Details of Related Party Transactions
                                                                                                    (₹ in Lakhs)
 Particulars                                                   As at March As at March            As at March
                                                               31, 2026    31, 2025               31, 2024
 Remuneration to Directors
 Rohit Asawa                                                   18.24            16.40             12.18
 Sneha Penmatsa                                                12.16            16.40             12.18
 Krishna Kanth Sarda                                           2.59             -                 -
 Pooja Biyani                                                  1.20             -                 -


 Unsecured Loan Taken
 Rohit Asawa                                                   49.17            330.15            129.25
 Sneha Penmatsa                                                -                42.50             9.50
 Umesh Chand Asawa                                             -                -                 25.00
 Umesh Chand Asawa HUF                                         -                60.00             -
 Divya Asawa                                                   -                110.00            -


 Unsecured Loan Repaid
 Rohit Asawa                                                   49.17            330.15            129.25
 Sneha Penmatsa                                                -                42.50             9.50
 Umesh Chand Asawa                                             -                155.00            -
 Umesh Chand Asawa HUF                                         -                60.00             -
 Divya Asawa                                                   -                110.00            -


 Interest Paid


                                                     65
 Particulars                                                     As at March As at March       As at March
                                                                 31, 2026    31, 2025          31, 2024
 Umesh Chand Asawa                                               -           8.29              13.22
 Umesh Chand Asawa HUF                                            -               2.25         -
 Divya Asawa                                                      -               2.25         -


 Loans and Advances Given
 Krishna Kiran Kakarlapudi                                        -               12.82        37.51


 Loans and Advances Received
 Krishna Kiran Kakarlapudi                                        -               12.82        46.06


 Directors Sitting Fees
 Ramya Inala                                                      0.37            -            -
 Abhishek Dhoot                                                   0.37            -            -
 Divya Asawa                                                      0.35            -            -

Outstanding Balances at the end of the Period
                                                                                                    (₹ in Lakhs)
 Particulars                                                     As at           As at March       As        at
                                                                 March       31, 31,               March 31,
                                                                 2026            2025              2024
 Unsecured Loan
 Umesh Chand Asawa                                                -                -               155.00


 Loans and Advances Receivable
 Krishna Kiran Kakarlapudi                                        -                -               -


 Directors Sitting Fees
 Ramya Inala                                                      0.37             -               -
 Abhishek Dhoot                                                   0.37             -               -
 Divya Asawa                                                      0.35             -               -

For further details, please refer to the “Annexure 29- Details of Related Party Transaction as Restated” from
the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statement”, beginning on page 231 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.




                          [The remainder of this page has intentionally been left blank]




                                                       66
                                         GENERAL INFORMATION

REGISTERED AND CORPORATE OFFICE OF OUR COMPANY

Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited (Formerly known as Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited)
Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park, Cherlapally,
Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal, Hyderabad-500051, Telangana, India.
Telephone: +91-9063498493
Website: www.himalayanutravedics.com
Email ID: info@himalayanutravedics.com
CIN: U24110TG2022PLC163732
Registration Number: 163732

For further details of changes in the registered office of our company, please refer to the chapter titled “History
and Corporate Structure” beginning on page 202 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

ADDRESS OF THE REGISTRAR OF COMPANIES WHERE THE COMPANY IS REGISTERED

Registrar of Companies, Hyderabad
2nd Floor, Corporate Bhawan, GSI Post, Nagole,
Bandlaguda, Hyderabad- 500068, India.
Telephone: 040-29805427
Fax No: 29803727
Email ID: roc.hyderabad@mca.gov.in
Website: www.mca.gov.in

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Board of Directors of our Company comprises of the
following:

 Name of Director          Designation             Address                                     DIN
 Rohit Asawa               Chairman        &       3-3-179 and 180, Flat no. 402, Asawa 06379120
                           Managing Director       Residency, Chappal Bazar, Manjeera hotel
                                                   Kachiguda, Himayathnagar, Hyderabad-
                                                   500027, Andhra Pradesh, India
 Divya Asawa               Non-Executive           3-3-179/180, Flat No. 402, Asawa Residency 11079091
                           Director                Chappal Bazar, Near Hotel Manjira
                                                   Kachiguda, Hyderabad Himayathnagar Stn
                                                   Kachiguda Himayathnagar, Hyderabad-
                                                   500027, Telangana, India
 Abhisheak Dhoot           Independent             12-10-97/30, Lingasugur Road, Paras 11353104
                           Director                Garden, Raichur-584101, Karnataka, India
 Ramya Inala               Independent             2-1-426 St No-4, Nallakunta, Near Fever 08369694
                           Director                Hospital, Nallakunta, Hyderabad-500044,
                                                   Andhra Pradesh, India

COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Name: Pooja Biyani
Address: Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park, Cherlapally,
Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal, Hyderabad-500051, Telangana, India.
Telephone No.: +91-9063498493
Email: compliance@himalayanutravedics.com

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Name: Krishna Kanth Sarda

                                                        67
Address: Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park, Cherlapally,
Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal, Hyderabad-500051, Telangana, India.
Telephone No.: +91-9063498491
Email: info@himalayanutravedics.com

INVESTOR GRIEVANCES

Bidders may contact the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, BRLM or the Registrar to the Issue in case
of any pre-issue or post-issue related queries, grievances and for redressal of complaints including non-receipt of
letters of Allotment, non-credit of allotted Equity Shares in the respective beneficiary account, non-receipt of
refund orders or non-receipt of funds by electronic mode, etc.

All Issue-related grievances, other than that of Anchor Investors, may be addressed to the Registrar to the Issue
with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary(ies) with whom the Bid cum Application Form was submitted,
giving full details such as name of the sole or First Bidder, Bid cum Application Form number, Bidder’s DP ID,
Client ID, UPI ID, PAN, address of Bidder, number of Equity Shares applied for, ASBA Account number in
which the amount equivalent to the Bid Amount was blocked or the UPI ID (for UPI Bidders who make the
payment of Bid Amount through the UPI Mechanism), date of Bid cum Application Form and the name and
address of the relevant Designated Intermediary(ies) where the Bid was submitted. Further, the Bidder shall
enclose a copy of the Acknowledgment Slip or provide the application number received from the Designated
Intermediary(ies) in addition to the documents or information mentioned hereinabove. All grievances relating to
Bids submitted through Registered Brokers may be addressed to the Stock Exchanges with a copy to the Registrar
to the Issue.

All Issue-related grievances of the Anchor Investors may be addressed to the Registrar to the Issue, giving full
details such as the name of the sole or First Bidder, Anchor Investor Application Form number, Bidders’ DP ID,
Client ID, PAN, date of the Anchor Investor Application Form, address of the Bidder, number of the Equity Shares
applied for, Bid Amount paid on submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form and the name and address
of the BRLM where the Anchor Investor Application Form was submitted by the Anchor Investor.

BOOK RUNNING LEAD MANAGER

Nirbhay Capital Services Private Limited
201, Maruti Crystal, Opposite Rajpath Club, S.G. Highway,
Ahmedabad-380054, Gujarat, India
Telephone No.: +91 7948970649
Email: kunjal@nirbhaycapital.com
Website: www.nirbhaycapital.com
Investor Grievance Email: ipo@nirbhaycapital.com
Contact Person: Kunjal Soni
SEBI Registration: INM000011393
CIN: U67120GJ2006PTC047985

LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUE

Legacy Law Offices LLP
Legacy House, D-18, Kalkaji, New Delhi – 110019.
Telephone No.: +91-9988198262
Website: https://www.legacylawoffices.com/
Email Id: anand@legacylawoffices.com
Contact Person: Advocate Gagan Anand
Enrolment No.: D/317/1996(R)

REGISTRAR TO THE ISSUE
Kfin Technologies Limited
301, The Centrium,3rd Floor, 57, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road,
Nav Pada, Kurla (West), Mumbai-400070, Maharashtra, India
Telephone No.: +91 40 6716 2222


                                                        68
Email Id: himalaya.ipo@kfintech.com
Website: www.kfintech.com
Investor Grievance Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Contact Person: M Murali Krishna
SEBI Registration Number: INR000000221
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072

BANKER(S) TO THE COMPANY

Name: The Cosmos Co-operative Bank Limited
Address: Cosmos Tower, Plot No. 06, ICS Colony,
University Road, Ganeshkhind, Pune-41107
Telephone No.: 040-27177562
Contact Person: Mr. Ravi Kumar Sanga
Email: ravikumar.sanga@cosmosbank.in
Website: www.cosmos.bank.in

Name: IDFC First Bank
Address: Ground Floor,3-6-12, 3-6-13, Al-Samad Complex,
Opp. T.T.D, Himayatnagar, Hyderabad-500029, Telangana
Telephone No.: +91 9959511644
Contact Person: Vinod Kumar Vemula
Email: himayatnagar.branch@idfcfirstbank.com
Website: www.idfcfirst.bank.in

BANKER(S) TO THE ISSUE & SPONSOR BANK

Name: [●]
Address: [●]
Telephone No.: [●]
Contact Person: [●]
Email: [●]
Website: [●]
SEBI Registration No.: [●]

STATUTORY AND PEER REVIEW AUDITOR OF THE ISSUE

J Singh & Associates, Chartered Accountants
Flat No. 402, 4th Floor, ABK Olbee Plaza
8-2-618/8 & 9 Road No/1 Banjara Hills,
Hyderabad - 500034, Telangana, India.
Telephone No.: +91- 9848224897
Contact Person: Ritesh Tawry
Email: cajsinghhyd@gmail.com
Website: www.cajsingh.com
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 110266W
Membership No.: 213326
Peer Review Number: 022549

SYNDICATE MEMBER

Name: [●]
Address: [●]
Telephone No.: [●]
Contact Person: [●]
Email: [●]
Website: [●]

MARKET MAKER TO THE ISSUE

                                                  69
Name: [●]
Address: [●]
Telephone No.: [●]
Contact Person: [●]
Email: [●]
Website: [●]
SEBI Registration No.: [●]

DESIGNATED INTERMEDIARIES

Self-Certified Syndicate Banks (SCSB’s)
The list of banks that have been notified by SEBI to act as SCSB for the ASBA process is provided on website of the
SEBI                   https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=34;
https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=35 and updated from
time to time. For more information on the Designated Branches of SCSBs collecting Bid-cum-Application Forms,
Forms, see the above-mentioned SEBI link as applicable or such other website as updated from time to time, and
(ii) in relation to ASBA (through UPI Mechanism), a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at
https://sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=40 or such other website as
updated from time to time. For a list of branches of the SCSBs named by the respective SCSBs to receive the ASBA
Forms from the Designated Intermediaries, refer to the above-mentioned link or any other such website as may be
prescribed by SEBI from time to time.

Self-Certified Syndicate Banks Eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI
In accordance with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, and SEBI Master
Circular no. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-POD2/I/4518/2026 dated February 09, 2026 , Applicants using the
UPI Mechanism may only apply through the SCSBs and mobile applications using the UPI handles specified on
the                       website                      of                   the                     SEBI
(https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=40                   and
https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=43) which may be
updated from time to time.

Syndicate SCSB Branches
In relation to Bids (other than Bids by Anchor Investors and Individual Bidders) submitted under ASBA process to
a member of the Syndicate, the list of branches of the SCSBs at the Specified Locations named by the respective
SCSBs to receive deposits of Bid cum Application Forms from the members of the Syndicate is available on the
website of the SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes&intmId=35,
which may be updated from time to time or any such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.
For more information on such branches collecting Bid cum Application Forms from the Syndicate at Specified
Locations,             see           the          website            of           the          SEBI           at
https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?DoRecognized=yes&intmId=35, as updated from time to
time or any such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.

Registered Brokers
Bidders can submit Bid cum Application Forms in the Issue using the stock broker’s network of the Stock Exchange
i.e. through the Registered Brokers at the Broker Centers. The list of the Registered Brokers eligible to accept
ASBA forms, including details such as postal address, telephone number and e-mail address, is provided on the
website of the Stock Exchange at https://www.bseindia.com, as updated from time to time.

Registrar and Share Transfer Agents
The list of the Registrar to Issue and Share Transfer Agents (RTAs) eligible to accept Application forms at the
Designated RTA Locations, including details such as address, telephone number and e-mail address, are provided
on the website of SEBI on https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes, as updated
from time to time.

Collecting Depository Participants (CDP’s)
The list of the CDPs eligible to accept eligible to accept Application Forms at the Designated CDP Locations,
including      details    such      as      name       and     contact     details,    are     provided    at
https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=19 for NSDL CDPs and at


                                                        70
https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=18 for CDSL CDPs as
updated from time to time. The list of branches of the SCSBs named by the respective SCSBs to receive deposits
of Bid cum Application Forms from the Designated Intermediaries will be available on the website of the SEBI
(www.sebi.gov.in) and updated from time to time.

BROKERS TO THE ISSUE

All members of the recognized stock exchanges would be eligible to act as Brokers to the Issue.

EXPERTS OPINION

Except as stated below, our Company has not obtained any Expert opinion:

Our Company has received written consent dated May 11, 2026 from the Statutory Auditor to include their name
as required under Section 26(5) of the Companies Act 2013 read with SEBI ICDR Regulations in this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus as an “expert” as defined under Section 2(38) of the Companies Act 2013 to the extent and in
its capacity as an independent Statutory Auditor and in respect of its (i) examination report dated May 7, 2026 on
our restated financial statement; and (ii) its report dated May 11, 2026 on the statement of tax benefits in this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus.

In addition, our Company has also received written consent dated May 06, 2026 from Independent Chartered
Engineer, Inn Tech Global Valuers Private Limited to include his name in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and
as an “Expert” as defined under section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013 and such consents have not been
withdrawn as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The term “experts” and consent thereof does not
represent an expert or consent within the meaning under the U.S. Securities Act.

INTER-SE ALLOCATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES

Nirbhay Capital Services Limited is the sole Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue, and all the responsibilities
relating to co-ordination and other activities in relation to the Issue shall be performed by them and hence a statement
of inter-se allocation of responsibilities is not required.

MONITORING AGENCY

Since our Issue size does not exceed ₹5,000.00 Lakhs, we are not required to appoint monitoring agency for
monitoring the utilization of Net Proceeds in accordance with Regulation 262(1) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
However, as per Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Audit Committee of our Company, would be
monitoring the utilization of the proceeds of the Issue and as per regulation 262(5) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations
2018, we shall submit a certificate of the statutory auditor for utilization of money raised through the public issue
to exchange while filing the quarterly financial results, till the issue proceeds are fully utilized.

GREEN SHOE OPTION

No green shoe option is contemplated under the Issue.

APPRAISING ENTITY

No appraising entity has been appointed in respect of any objects of this Issue.

IPO GRADING

Since the Issue is being made in terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, no credit rating agency
registered with SEBI has been appointed in respect of obtaining grading for the Issue.

CREDIT RATING

As this is an Issue consisting only of Equity Shares, there is no requirement to obtain credit rating for the Issue.



                                                          71
DEBENTURE TRUSTEE

Since this is not a debenture Issue, appointment of debenture trustee is not required.

FILING WITH THE DESIGNATED STOCK EXCHANGE/SEBI/ROC

The Draft Red Herring Prospectus along with the Draft Abridged Prospectus is being filed on BSE SME platform
situated at 25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001, Maharashtra, India.

The Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the Draft Abridged Prospectus shall not be filed with SEBI, nor shall SEBI
issue any observation on the Draft Red Herring Prospectus in terms of Regulation 246(2) of SEBI (ICDR)
Regulations. Pursuant to Regulation 246(5) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and amendments thereto and SEBI Master
Circular Number SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-POD2/I/4518/2026 dated February 09, 2026, a copy of the Red
Herring Prospectus / Prospectus will be filed online through SEBI Intermediary Portal at https://siportal.sebi.gov.in

A copy of the Red Herring Prospectus along with the documents required to be filed under Section 32 and Section
26 of the Companies Act, 2013 would be filed with the Registrar of Companies, situated at Hyderabad, at least
three (3) days prior from the date of opening of the Issue.

BOOK BUILDING PROCESS

Book Building Process, in the context of the Issue, refers to the process of collection of Bids from bidders based
on the Red Herring Prospectus, the Bid cum Application Forms, and the Revision Forms, if any, within the Price
Band and the minimum Bid Lot. The Price Band shall be determined by our Company in consultation with the
BRLM and shall be published in all editions of [●], the English national daily newspaper; all editions of [●], the
Hindi national daily newspaper; and all editions of [●], the Telugu regional daily newspaper circulated in
Hyderabad, where our Registered and Corporate Office is located. The publication shall be made at least two
Working Days prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date and shall be made available to the Stock Exchange for the
purpose of uploading on their respective websites. The Issue Price shall be determined by our Company in
consultation with the BRLM after the Bid/Issue Closing Date. For details see the section titled “Issue Procedure”
beginning on page 284 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Principal parties involved in the book building process are:
 • Our Company
 • The Book Running Lead Manager in this case being Nirbhay Capital Services Limited;
 • The Syndicate Member(s) who are intermediaries registered with SEBI/ registered as brokers with BSE
     and eligible to act as Underwriters. The Syndicate Member(s) will be appointed by the Book Running Lead
     Manager;
 • The Registrar to the Issue
 • The Escrow Collection Banks/ Bankers to the Issue and
 • The Designated Intermediaries and Sponsor bank

The Issue is being made through the Book Building Process wherein not more than 50% of the Net Issue shall be
available for allocation on a proportionate basis to QIBs, provided that our Company may in consultation with the
Book Running Lead Manager allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis
in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations (the “Anchor Investor Portion”), 40% of the Anchor Investor
Portion shall be reserved for domestic mutual funds and life insurance companies and pension funds, out of which
33.33% shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual
Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Issue Price. 5% of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a
proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only, and the remainder of the QIB Portion shall be available for allocation
on a proportionate basis to all QIB Bidders, including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or
above the Issue Price. Further, not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a
proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Bidders in the following manner: (a) 1/3rd of the portion available to
NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than 2 lots and up to such lots equivalent
to not more than ₹10.00 Lakhs (b) 2/3rd of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an
application size of more than ₹10.00 Lakhs and the unsubscribed portion in either of the sub-categories specified
in clauses (a) or (b), could be allocated to applicants in the other sub-category of NIBs and the remaining shares,
if any, shall be allotted on a proportionate basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regards in


                                                         72
Schedule XIII of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation
to Individual Bidders, in accordance with the SEBI Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above
the Issue Price. All potential Bidders may participate in the Issue through an ASBA process by providing details
of their respective bank account which will be blocked by the SCSBs. All Bidders are mandatorily required to
utilize the ASBA process to participate in the Issue. Under-subscription if any, in any category, except in the QIB
Category, would be allowed to be met with spill over from any other category or a combination of categories at
the discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Designated Stock
Exchange.

All potential Bidders may participate in the Issue through an ASBA process by providing details of their
respective bank account which will be blocked by the SCSBs. All Bidders are mandatorily required to
utilize the ASBA process to participate in the Issue. Under-subscription if any, in any category, except in
the QIB Category, would be allowed to be met with spill over from any other category or a combination of
categories at the discretion of our Company may, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager
and the Designated Stock Exchange.

All investors, other than Anchor Investors, shall only participate through the ASBA process by providing the
details of their respective ASBA Account in which the corresponding Bid Amount will be blocked by the SCSBs
or, in case of UPI Bidders, by alternatively using the UPI Mechanism. Anchor Investors are not permitted to
participate in the Issue through the ASBA process.

In accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, any category of investors are not allowed to withdraw or lower
the size of their Bids (in terms of the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. Except for
Allocation to Individual Bidders, Non-Institutional Investors, and the Anchor Investors, allocation in the Issue
will be on a proportionate basis. Further, Anchor Investors cannot withdraw their Bids after the Anchor Investor
Bid/ Issue Period. Allocation to the Anchor Investors will be on a discretionary basis.

Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, allocation to all categories in the Net Issue,
shall be made on a proportionate basis, except for Individual Bidders Portion where allotment to each
Individual Bidders shall not be less than the minimum bid lot, subject to availability of Equity Shares in
Individual Bidder Portion, and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allotted on a
proportionate basis. Under-subscription, if any, in any category, would be allowed to be met with spill-over
from any other category or a combination of categories at the discretion of our Company may, in
consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Stock Exchange. However, under-subscription,
if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other categories or a
combination of categories.

In terms of SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-POD2/I/4518/2026 dated February 09,
2026 and the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, all the investors (except
Anchor Investors) applying in a public issue shall use only Application Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA)
process for application providing details of the bank account which will be blocked by the Self Certified Syndicate
Banks (SCSBs) for the same. Further, as per the above-mentioned Master Circular, Individual Bidders applying
in a public issue may use either Application Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA) facility for making
application or also can use UPI as a payment mechanism with Application Supported by Blocked Amount for
making application. For details in this regards, specific attention is invited to the chapter titled “Issue Procedure”
beginning on page 284 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

The process of Book Building under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations is subject to change from time to time and the
investors are advised to make their own judgment about investment through this process prior to making a Bid or
application in the Issue. For further details on the method and procedure for Bidding, please refer to the chapters
titled “Terms of the Issue”, “Issue Structure”, “Issue Procedure” beginning on pages 268, 279 and 284
respectively, of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Bidders should note that the Issue is also subject to obtaining (i) final listing and trading approvals of the Stock
Exchanges, which our Company shall apply for after Allotment; and (ii) filing of the Prospectus with the RoC.

Illustration of the Book Building and Price Discovery Process:

Bidders should note that this example is solely for illustrative purposes and is not specific to the Issue. Bidders
can bid at any price within the Price Band. For instance, assume a Price Band of ₹20 to ₹24 per share, Issue size

                                                         73
of 3,000 Equity Shares and receipt of five Bids from Bidders, details of which are shown in the table below. The
illustrative book given below shows the demand for the Equity Shares of the Issuer at various prices and is collated
from Bids received from various investors.

  Bid Quantity                   Bid Amount                    Cumulative Quantity            Subscription
  500                            24                            500                            16.67%
  1,000                          23                            1,500                          50.00%
  1,500                          22                            3,000                          100.00%
  2,000                          21                            5,000                          166.67%
  2,500                          20                            7,500                          250.00%

The price discovery is a function of demand at various prices. The highest price at which the Issuer is able to issue
the desired number of Equity Shares is the price at which the book cuts off, i.e. ₹22.00 in the above example. The
Company in consultation with the BRLM, may finalize the Issue Price at or below such Cut-Off Price, i.e., at or
below ₹22.00. All Bids at or above this Issue Price and cut-off Bids are valid Bids and are considered for allocation
in the respective categories.

Steps to be taken by the Bidders for Bidding:

      •   Check eligibility for making a Bid (refer to the chapter titled “Issue Procedure” on page 284 of this
          Draft Red Herring Prospectus);
      •   Ensure that you have a demat account and the demat account details are correctly mentioned in the Bid
          cum Application Form;
      •   Ensure correctness of your PAN, DP ID and Client ID mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form.
          Based on these parameters, the Registrar to the Issue will obtain the Demographic Details of the Bidders
          from the Depositories;
      •   Except for Bids on behalf of the Central or State Government officials, residents of Sikkim and the
          officials appointed by the courts, who may be exempt from specifying their PAN for transacting in the
          securities market, for Bids of all values ensure that you have mentioned your PAN allotted under the
          Income Tax Act in the Bid cum Application Form. The exemption for Central or State Governments
          and officials appointed by the courts and for investors residing in Sikkim is subject to the Depositary
          Participant’s verification of the veracity of such claims of the investors by collecting sufficient
          documentary evidence in support of their claims;
      •   Ensure that the Bid cum Application Form is duly completed as per instructions given in this Draft Red
          Herring Prospectus and in the Bid cum Application Form.

BID/ISSUE PROGRAM

  Event                                                                                    Indicative Dates
  Bid/Issue Opening Date(1)                                                                [●]
  Bid/Issue Closing Date                                                                   [●]
  Finalization of Basis of Allotment with the Designated Stock Exchange                    On or before [●]
  Initiation of Allotment / Refunds / Unblocking of Funds from ASBA Account                On or before [●]
  or UPI ID linked bank account(2)
  Credit of Equity Shares to Demat accounts of Allottees                                   On or before [●]
  Commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange                       On or before [●]
(1)
      Our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager may consider participation by Anchor Investors in
      accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. The Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period shall be one Working Day prior
      to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
(2)
      In case of any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI
      Mechanism) exceeding three Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date for cancelled /withdrawn / deleted ASBA
      Forms, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of INR l00 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount,
      whichever is higher from the date on which the request for cancellation/withdrawal/deletion is placed in the Stock
      Exchange bidding platform until the date on which the amounts are unblocked; (ii) any blocking of multiple amounts for
      the same ASBA Form (for amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism), the blocked funds other than the original
      application amount shall be instantly revoked and the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate INR 100 per day or
      15% per annum of the total cumulative blocked amount except the original application amount, whichever is higher from

                                                             74
    the date on which such multiple amounts were blocked till the date of actual unblock; (iii) any blocking of amounts more
    than the Bid Amount, the different amount (i.e., the blocked amount less the Bid Amount) shall be instantly revoked and
    the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of INR 100 per day or 15% per annum of the difference in amount,
    whichever is higher from the date on which such excess amounts were blocked till the date of actual unblock; (iv) any
    delay in unblocking of non-allotted/ partially allotted Bids, exceeding three Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing
    Date, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of INR 100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount,
    whichever is higher for the entire duration of delay exceeding three Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date by
    the intermediary responsible for causing such delay in unblocking. The BRLM shall, in their sole discretion, identify and
    fix the liability on such intermediary or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. The Bidder shall be compensated
    in the manner specified in the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-POD2/I/4518/2026 dated
    February 09, 2026 , in case of delays in resolving investor grievances in relation to blocking/unblocking of funds.

The above timetable is indicative and does not constitute any obligation on our Company or the Book Running
Lead Manager. Whilst our Company shall ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for
the listing and the commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange are taken within 3
Working Days of the Bid/Issue Closing Date, the timetable may change due to various factors, such as extension
of the Bid/Issue Period by our Company, revision of the Price Band or any delays in receiving the final listing and
trading approval from the Stock Exchange. The Commencement of trading of the Equity Shares will be entirely
at the discretion of the Stock Exchange and in accordance with the applicable laws. SEBI pursuant to its circular
bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 09, 2023 has reduced the time
taken for listing of specified securities after the closure of public issue to 3 working days (T+3 days); ‘T’ being
Issue Closing Date. Our Company shall follow the timelines provided under the aforementioned circular.

Bid Cum Application Forms and any upward revisions to the same will be accepted only between 10:00 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. (IST) during the Issue Period (except for the Bid/Issue Closing Date). On the Bid/ Issue Closing Date,
the Bid Cum Application Forms will be accepted only between 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. (IST) for Individual
Investors and non- Individual Bidders. The time for applying for Individual Bidder on Bid/ Issue Closing Date
may be extended in consultation with the BRLM, RTA and SME platform of BSE taking into account the total
number of applications received up to the closure of timings.

Due to the limitation of time available for uploading the Bid Cum Application Forms on the Bid/Issue Closing
Date, Bidders are advised to submit their applications one (1) day prior to the Bid/Issue Closing Date and, in any
case, not later than 4:00 p.m. (IST) on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Any time mentioned in this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus is IST. Bidders are cautioned that, in the event a large number of Bid Cum Application Forms are
received on the Bid/Issue Closing Date, as is typically experienced in public issues, some Bid Cum Application
Forms may not get uploaded due to the lack of sufficient time. Such Bid Cum Application Forms that cannot be
uploaded will not be considered for allocation under this Issue. Applications will be accepted only on Working
Days, i.e., Monday to Friday (excluding any public holidays). Neither our Company nor the BRLM is liable for
any failure in uploading the Bid Cum Application Forms due to faults in any software/hardware system or
otherwise.

In accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, any category of Investors are not allowed to withdraw or lower the
size of their Applications (in terms of the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Application amount) at any stage.
Individual Applicants can revise (upward revision) their Bid Cum Application Forms prior to the Bid/ Issue
Closing Date. Allocation to Individual Applicants, in this Issue will be on a proportionate basis.

In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical Bid
Cum Application Form, for a particular Applicant, the details as per the file received from Stock Exchange may
be taken as the final data for the purpose of Allotment. In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic
book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical or electronic Bid Cum Application Form, for a particular ASBA
Applicant, the Registrar to the Issue shall ask the relevant SCSBs / RTAs / DPs / stock brokers, as the case may
be, for the rectified data.

WITHDRAWAL OF THE ISSUE

In accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, Our Company in consultation with the BRLM, reserves the right not
to proceed with the Issue at any time before the Bid/ Issue Opening Date without assigning any reason thereof.


                                                             75
If our Company withdraws the Issue any time after the Bid/ Issue Opening Date but before the allotment of Equity
shares, a public notice will be issued by our Company within two (2) Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date,
providing reasons for not proceeding with the Issue. The notice of withdrawal will be issued in the same newspapers
where the pre- Issue advertisements have appeared, and the Stock Exchange will also be informed promptly. The
BRLM, through the Registrar to the Issue, will instruct the SCSBs to unblock the ASBA Accounts within one (1)
working Day from the day of receipt of such instruction.

If our Company withdraws the Issue after the Bid/ Issue Closing Date and subsequently decides to proceed with an
Issue of Equity Shares, our Company will file a fresh Draft Red Herring Prospectus with the stock exchange where the
Equity Shares may be proposed to be listed.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issue is subject to obtaining (i) the final listing and trading approvals of the Stock
Exchange with respect to the Equity Shares Issued through the Prospectus, which our Company will apply for only after
Allotment; and (ii) filing of Red Herring Prospectus/Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies.

UNDERWRITING

Our Company and Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue hereby confirm that the Issue will be 100%
underwritten by [●] in the capacity of Underwriter to the Issue.

The Underwriting Agreement is dated [●] and pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement; obligations
of the Underwriter are subject to certain conditions specified therein. The Underwriter has indicated its intention
to underwrite following number of Equity Shares being issued through this Issue.

 Details    of     the Number of                  Equity    Amount Underwritten          % of the Issue           Size
 Underwriter    (Name, Shares to be                         (Amount in ₹ Lakhs)          Underwritten
 address,    telephone Underwritten
 number and email
 address)
 [●]                          [●]                           [●]                          [●]
 [●]                          [●]                           [●]                          [●]

In accordance with Regulation 260(2) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and amendments thereto, the Book
Running Lead Manager to the Issue shall underwrite at least 15% of the total Issue Size. In the opinion of the
Board of Directors of our Company, the resources of the Underwriters are sufficient to enable them to discharge
their respective underwriting obligations in full.

CHANGES IN AUDITORS

Except as stated below, there has been no change in the Statutory Auditors of our Company during the three
years immediately preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

 Details of Auditors                           Date of Change                        Reason for Change

 J.K. Mundada & Co.                    November 19, 2025 (Date of                    Company’s decision to appoint
 Address: Krishna Kunj,3-2-370, Ground resignation)                                  a peer-reviewed audit firm in
 Floor, Rahmath Bagh Lane, Beside                                                    accordance with its internal
 Ramakrishna Hospital, Hyderabad –                                                   policies      and       future
 500027                                                                              requirements.
 Telephone: +91-9849011717
 E Mail: jkmundada@gmail.com and
 contact@balacoca.com
 Firm Registration No.: 006008S
 Membership No: 201717
 Contact Person: Jugal Kishore
 Mundada
 J Singh & Associates                          November 28, 2025 (Date of Appointed in case of causal

                                                           76
 Details of Auditors                           Date of Change                       Reason for Change

 Address: Flat No. 402, 4th Floor, ABK appointment)                                 vacancy
 Olbee Plaza 8-2-618/8 & 9 Road No/1
 Banjara Hills, Hyderabad-500034
 Telephone: +91- 9848224897
 E Mail: cajsinghhyd@gmail.com
 Peer review No.: 014676
 Firm Registration No.: 110266W
 Membership No: 213326
 Contact Person: Ritesh Tawry

DETAILS OF THE MARKET MAKING ARRANGEMENT FOR THE ISSUE

In accordance with Regulation 261 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, we have entered into an agreement with the
Book Running Lead Manager and the Market Maker (duly registered with BSE to fulfil the obligations of Market
Making) dated [●] to ensure compulsory Market Making for a minimum period of three years from the date of
listing of equity shares offered in this Issue.

 Name                                    [●]
 Correspondence Address                  [●]
 Tel No.                                 [●]
 E-Mail Id                               [●]
 Website                                 [●]
 Contact Person                          [●]
 SEBI Registration No.                   [●]
 Market Maker Registration No.           [●]
The Market Maker shall be appointed prior to filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the ROC.

[●], registered with BSE, will act as the Market Maker and has agreed to receive or deliver of the specified securities
in the market making process for a period of three years from the date of listing of our Equity Shares or for a period
as may be notified by any amendment to SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.

The Market Maker shall fulfil the applicable obligations and conditions as specified in the SEBI (ICDR)
Regulations, and its amendments from time to time and the circulars issued by the BSE and SEBI regarding this
matter from time to time. Following is a summary of the key details pertaining to the Market Making arrangement:

Following is a summary of the key details pertaining to the Market Making arrangement:

1.   The Market Maker(s) (individually or jointly) shall be required to provide a 2-way quote for 75% of the time
     in a day. The same shall be monitored by the Stock Exchange. The spread (difference between the sell and
     buy quote) shall not be more than 10% or as specified by the Stock Exchange from time to time further, the
     Market Maker shall inform the Stock Exchange in advance for each and every black out period when the
     quotes are not being issued by the Market Maker.

2.   The prices quoted by Market Maker shall be in compliance with the Market Maker Spread Requirements
     and other particulars as specified or as per the requirements of the BSE (BSE SME platform) and SEBI from
     time to time.

3.   The investors with holdings less than the minimum lot size shall be allowed to issue their holding to the
     Market Maker (individually or jointly) in that scrip provided that he sells his entire holding in that scrip in one
     lot along with a declaration to the effect to the selling broker.

4.   Based on the IPO price of ₹ [●]/- per share the minimum application lot size is [●] Equity Shares thus
     minimum depth of the quote shall be [●] until the same, would be revised by BSE from time to time.

                                                          77
5.   After a period of three (3) months from the market making period, the market maker would be exempted to
     provide quote if the Shares of market maker in our Company reaches to 25% (Including the 5% of Equity
     Shares of the Issue). Any Equity Shares allotted to Market Maker under this Issue over and above 25% of
     Equity Shares would not be taken in to consideration of computing the threshold of 25%. As soon as the
     Shares of market maker in our Company reduce to 24%, the market maker will resume providing 2-way
     quotes.

6.   There shall be no exemption/threshold on downside. However, in the event the market maker exhausts his
     inventory through market making process, BSE may intimate the same to SEBI after due verification.

7.   On the first day of the listing, there will be pre-opening session (call auction) and there after the trading will
     happen as per the equity market hours. The circuits will apply from the first day of the listing on the
     discovered price during the pre-open call auction.

8.   The Inventory Management and Buying/Selling Quotations and its mechanism shall be as per the relevant
     circulars issued by the SEBI and BSE from time to time.

9.   Execution of the order at the quoted price and quantity must be guaranteed by the Market Maker, for the
     quotes given by him.

10. There would not be more than five Market Makers for the Company’s Equity Shares at any point of time
    and the Market Makers may compete with other Market Makers for better quotes to the investors.

11. The shares of the Company will be traded in continuous trading session from the time and day the company
    gets listed at BSE SME platform and Market Maker will remain present as per the guidelines mentioned
    under the BSE and SEBI circulars.

12. The price band shall be 20% and the Market Maker Spread (difference between the sell and the buy quote)
    shall be within 10% or as intimated by Exchange from time to time.

13. There will be special circumstances under which the Market Maker may be allowed to withdraw
    temporarily/fully from the market – for instance due to system problems, any other problems. All controllable
    reasons require prior approval from the Exchange, while force-majeure will be applicable for non-
    controllable reasons. The decision of the Exchange for deciding controllable and non-controllable reasons
    would be final.

14. The Market Maker shall have the right to terminate said arrangement by giving a (3) three-month notice or
    on mutually acceptable terms to the Merchant Banker, who shall then be responsible to appoint a
    replacement Market Maker.

15. In case of termination of the above-mentioned Market Making Agreement prior to the completion of the
    compulsory Market Making Period, it shall be the responsibility of the Book Running Lead Manager to
    arrange for another Market Maker in replacement during the term of the notice period being served by the
    Market Maker but prior to the date of releasing the existing Market Maker from its duties in order to ensure
    compliance with the requirements of Regulation 261 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended.
    Further the Company and the Book Running Lead Manager reserve the right to appoint other Market
    Maker(s) either as a replacement of the current Market Maker or as an additional Market Maker subject to
    the total number of Designated Market Makers does not exceed 5 (five) or as specified by the relevant laws
    and regulations applicable at that particular point of time. The Market Making Agreement is available for
    inspection at our Registered and Corporate Office from 10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. on working days.

16. Risk containment measures and monitoring for Market Makers: BSE SME platform will have all
    margins which are applicable on the BSE Main Board viz., Mark-to-Market, Value-At-Risk (VAR) Margin,
    Extreme Loss Margin, Special Margins and Base Minimum Capital etc. BSE can impose any other margins
    as deemed necessary from time-to-time.

17. Punitive Action in case of default by Market Makers: The Exchange will monitor the obligations on a

                                                         78
     real time basis and punitive action will be initiated for any exceptions and / or non-compliances. Penalties /
     fines may be imposed by the Exchange on the Market Maker, in case he is not able to provide the desired
     liquidity in a particular security as per the specified guidelines. These penalties / fines will be set by the
     Exchange from time to time. The Exchange will impose a penalty on the Market Maker in case he is not
     present in the market (offering two-way quotes) for at least 75% of the time. The nature of the penalty will
     be monetary as well as suspension in market making activities / trading membership. The Department of
     Surveillance and Supervision of the Exchange would decide and publish the penalties / fines / suspension
     for any type of misconduct / manipulation / other irregularities by the Market Maker from time to time.

18. Price Band and Spreads: SEBI Circular bearing reference no: CIR/MRD/DP/ 02/2012 dated January 20,
    2012, has laid down that for issue size up to ₹250 crores the applicable price bands for the first day shall be:
    a. In case equilibrium price is discovered in the Call Auction, the price band in the normal trading session
         shall be 5% of the equilibrium price.

     b.    In case equilibrium price is not discovered in the Call Auction, the price band in the normal trading
           session shall be 5% of the issue price.

     Additionally, the trading shall take place in TFT segment for first 10 days from commencement of trading.

19. The following spread will be applicable on the SME Platform of BSE

      Sr. No.      Market Price Slab (in ₹)        Proposed spread (in % to sale price)
      1            Up to 50                        9
      2            50 to 75                        8
      3            75 to 100                       6
      4            Above 100                       5

20. Pursuant to SEBI Circular number CIR/MRD/DSA/31/2012 dated November 27, 2012, limits on the upper
    side for market maker(s) during market making process has been made applicable, based on the issue size
    and as follows:

      Issue size                   Buy quote exemption threshold             Re‐Entry threshold for buy quote
                                   (including    mandatory       initial     (including mandatory initial
                                   inventory of 5% of the Issue Size)        inventory of 5% of the Issue Size)
      Up to ₹20 Crore              25%                                       24%
      ₹20 crores to ₹50 Crores     20%                                       19%
      ₹50 to ₹80 Crores            15%                                       14%
      Above ₹80 Crores             12%                                       11%

21. All the above-mentioned conditions and systems regarding the Market Making Arrangement are subject to
    change based on changes or additional regulations and guidelines from SEBI and Stock Exchange from time
    to time.

22. The Market Making arrangement, trading and other related aspects including all those specified above shall
    be subject to the applicable provisions of law and / or norms issued by SEBI/ BSE from time to time.

23. All the above-mentioned conditions and systems regarding the Market Making Arrangement are subject to
    change based on changes or additional regulations and guidelines from SEBI and Stock Exchange from time
    to time.

                        (The remainder of this page have been kept intentionally blank)




                                                        79
                                               CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Set forth below are the details of the Equity Share capital of our Company as on the date of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus:
                                                                                    (₹ in lakhs, except share data)
Sr. No. Particulars                                                     Aggregate value at Aggregate value
                                                                        face value               at Issue Price*

 A.        Authorized Share Capital**
           1,00,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each              1,000.00                 -

 B.        Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital before
           the Issue
           63,06,720 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each                630.67                   -

 C.        Present Issue in terms of this Draft Red Herring [●]                                        [●]
           Prospectus (1)
           Fresh Issue of up to 25,00,000 Equity Shares of face value of [●]                           [●]
           ₹ 10/- each.
           Of which:
           Reservation for Market Maker Portion                          [●]                           [●]
 D.        [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each at a price of
           ₹ [●] per share as Market Maker Portion
           Net Issue to Public                                           [●]                           [●]
 E.        Net Issue to Public of [●] Equity Shares of face value of
           ₹10/- each at a price of ₹ [●] per share to the Public
           Of which:
           i. At least [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each [●]                               [●]
           aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs will be available for
           allocation to Individual Investors
           ii. At least [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each [●]                              [●]
           aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs will be available for
           allocation to Non-Institutional Investors
           iii. Not more than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- [●]                             [●]
           each aggregating up to ₹ [●] lakhs will be available for
           allocation to Qualified Institutional Buyers, five per cent.
           of which shall be allocated to mutual funds
 F.        Issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital
           after the Issue*
           Up to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹ [●]/- each*        [●]                           [●]
 G.        Securities Premium Account
           Before the Issue (as on the date of this Draft Red Herring NIL
           Prospectus)
           After the Issue*                                              [●]
* To be updated upon finalisation of the Issue Price, and subject to the Basis of Allotment.
** For details in relation to the changes in the authorized share capital of our Company, please refer “History and Corporate
Structure – Amendments to our Memorandum of Association” beginning on page 204.
(1) The present Issue has been authorized pursuant to a resolution of our Board dated March 06, 2026, and pursuant to a
      special resolution of our Shareholders passed in an extraordinary general meeting dated March 09, 2026 under Section
      62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013.

CLASSES OF SHARES

Our Company has one class of share capital, i.e., Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each. All the issued Equity
Shares are fully paid-up. Our Company has no outstanding convertible instruments as on the date of this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus.

1. History of Issued and Paid-Up Share Capital of our Company



                                                             80
a)   Equity Share Capital
The history of the Equity Share Capital of our Company is set forth below:

 Date    of    Reason/     Names      of No. of Cumulat            Cumulati      Face    Issue   Nature    of
 allotment     Nature      allotees        equity    ive No. of    ve paid-      value   price   Considerati
               of          along with shares         Equity        up Equity     per     per     on
               Allotme     the number allotte        Shares        Share         equit   equit
               nt          of     Equity d                         Capital       y       y
                           Shares                                                shar    shar
                           allotted to                                           e       e
                           each allottee
 Upon         Subscriptio 5,000 Equity 10,000          10,000       1,00,000      10      10         Cash
 Incorporati n to the Shares
 on i.e. June MOA          allotted    to
 16, 2022(1)               Devender
                           Kumar and
                           5,000 Equity
                           Shares
                           allotted    to
                           Sneha
                           Penmatsa
 September Rights          2,45,000       4,90,000 5,00,000         50,00,000     10      10         Cash
 30, 2022     Issue        Equity Shares
                           allotted    to
                           Sneha
                           Penmatsa,
                           1,45,000
                           Equity Shares
                           allotted    to
                           Rohit Asawa
                           and 1,00,000
                           Equity Shares
                           allotted    to
                           Divya Asawa
 March 28, Conversio 1,65,000              3,30,000 8,30,000        83,00,000     10      10         Cash
 2023         n       of Equity Shares
              unsecured allotted       to
              loan into Rohit Asawa
              equity       and 1,65,000
              shares       Equity Shares
                           allotted    to
                           Sneha
                           Penmatsa
                           Asawa
 March 24, Rights         5,45,000        31,70,000 40,00,000      4,00,00,000    10      10         Cash
 2025         Issue       Equity Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Kakarlapudi
                          Krishna Kiran,
                          1,30,000
                          Equity Shares
                          to        Rohit
                          Asawa,
                          9,00,000
                          Equity Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Divya Asawa
                          and 15,95,000
                          Equity Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Chanda

                                                       81
Date    of   Reason/     Names      of No. of Cumulat        Cumulati     Face    Issue   Nature    of
allotment    Nature      allotees        equity ive No. of   ve paid-     value   price   Considerati
             of          along with shares      Equity       up Equity    per     per     on
             Allotme     the number allotte     Shares       Share        equit   equit
             nt          of     Equity d                     Capital      y       y
                         Shares                                           shar    shar
                         allotted to                                      e       e
                         each allottee
                        Asawa
February     Preferenti 9,735 Equity 2,04,485 42,04,485      420,44,850    10      113        Cash
05, 2026     al         Shares allotted
             Allotment to        Abhijit
                        Yenumulapalli
                        , 4,480 Equity
                        Shares allotted
                        to      Anusha
                        Mohan, 4,425
                        Equity Shares
                        allotted     to
                        Aruna
                        Kamalakar,
                        4,425 Equity
                        Shares allotted
                        to       Ashish
                        Kumar HUF,
                        8,850 Equity
                        Shares allotted
                        to      Deepak
                        Kumar
                        Mohanty, 885
                        Equity Shares
                        allotted     to
                        Donepudi
                        Raghavendra
                        Krishna
                        Koundinya,
                        4,425 Equity
                        Shares allotted
                        to Hemanshiv
                        Goel, 6,195
                        Equity Shares
                        allotted     to
                        Indhumathi E,
                        8,850 Equity
                        Shares allotted
                        to        John
                        Samuel
                        Kennedy,
                        1,327 Equity
                        Shares allotted
                        to     Kaushik
                        Agarwal,
                        4,425 Equity
                        Shares allotted
                        to     K     N
                        Lekkshme
                        Praba, 4,480
                        Equity Shares
                        allotted     to
                        Malathi, 8,850
                        Equity Shares


                                                 82
Date    of   Reason/    Names      of    No. of    Cumulat      Cumulati    Face    Issue   Nature    of
allotment    Nature     allotees         equity    ive No. of   ve paid-    value   price   Considerati
             of         along with       shares    Equity       up Equity   per     per     on
             Allotme    the number       allotte   Shares       Share       equit   equit
             nt         of     Equity    d                      Capital     y       y
                        Shares                                              shar    shar
                        allotted to                                         e       e
                        each allottee
                       allotted     to
                       Mindscope
                       Advisors LLP,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to
                       Vankipuram
                       Muralidaran,
                       4,480 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to            V
                       Nagalakshmi,
                       9,735 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to       Nikhil
                       Gupta Bojja,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to       Pankaj
                       Rathi, 1,327
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Paresh
                       Dakotiya,
                       1,770 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to        Priya
                       Agarwal,
                       54,757 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to PVE Asset
                       Services LLP,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to        Renu
                       Agarwal,
                       1,770 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to        Shaik
                       Mansoor Ali
                       Khan, 8,850
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Sparsh
                       Vijaywargiya,
                       1,770 Equity
                       Shares allotted
                       to          Sri
                       Gajkesari
                       Associates
                       LLP, 13,275
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to


                                                   83
 Date    of    Reason/    Names       of No. of Cumulat        Cumulati      Face    Issue   Nature    of
 allotment     Nature     allotees        equity  ive No. of   ve paid-      value   price   Considerati
               of         along with shares       Equity       up Equity     per     per     on
               Allotme    the number allotte      Shares       Share         equit   equit
               nt         of     Equity d                      Capital       y       y
                          Shares                                             shar    shar
                          allotted to                                        e       e
                          each allottee
                         Srinivas
                         Reddy
                         Gangula,
                         8,850 Equity
                         Shares allotted
                         to        Tarun
                         Kumar Mehta
                         HUF, 8,850
                         Equity Shares
                         allotted      to
                         Thangavelu
                         Chellappan,
                         and      22,124
                         Equity Shares
                         allotted      to
                         Vinodh
                         Chelambathod
                         i.
February 21, Bonus        99,000 Equity 21,02,235 63,06,720    6,30,67,200    10     N.A         N.A
2026         Issue (2)    Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Rohit Asawa,
                          5,11,000
                          Equity Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Divya Asawa,
                          9,07,500
                          Equity Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Chanda
                          Asawa,      15
                          Equity Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Umesh Chand
                          Asawa, 2,485
                          Equity Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Shilpa Attal,
                          1,60,000
                          Equity Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Swathi
                          Penmatsa,
                          3,20,000
                          Equity Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Rama Raju
                          Penmatsa,
                          4,867 Equity
                          Shares
                          allotted     to
                          Abhijit
                          Yenumulapall


                                                   84
Date    of   Reason/   Names       of    No. of    Cumulat      Cumulati    Face    Issue   Nature    of
allotment    Nature    allotees          equity    ive No. of   ve paid-    value   price   Considerati
             of        along with        shares    Equity       up Equity   per     per     on
             Allotme   the number        allotte   Shares       Share       equit   equit
             nt        of     Equity     d                      Capital     y       y
                       Shares                                               shar    shar
                       allotted to                                          e       e
                       each allottee
                       i,       2,240
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Anusha
                       Mohan, 2,212
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Aruna
                       Kamalakar,
                       2,212 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Ashish
                       Kumar HUF,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Deepak
                       Kumar
                       Mohanty, 442
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Donepudi
                       Raghavendra
                       Krishna
                       Koundinya,
                       2,212 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Hemanshiv
                       Goel, 3,097
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Indhumathi E,
                       663 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Kaushik
                       Agarwal,
                       2,212 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted to K
                       N Lekkshme
                       Praba, 2,240
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Malathi,
                       4,425 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Mindscope
                       Advisors
                       LLP, 2,212


                                                   85
Date    of   Reason/   Names       of    No. of    Cumulat      Cumulati    Face    Issue   Nature    of
allotment    Nature    allotees          equity    ive No. of   ve paid-    value   price   Considerati
             of        along with        shares    Equity       up Equity   per     per     on
             Allotme   the number        allotte   Shares       Share       equit   equit
             nt        of     Equity     d                      Capital     y       y
                       Shares                                               shar    shar
                       allotted to                                          e       e
                       each allottee
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Vankipuram
                       Muralidaran,
                       2,240 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted to V
                       Nagalakshmi,
                       4,867 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Nikhil Gupta
                       Bojja, 2,212
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Pankaj Rathi,
                       663 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Paresh
                       Dakotiya, 885
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Priya
                       Agarwal,
                       27,378 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted     to
                       PVE      Asset
                       Services LLP,
                       2,212 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Renu
                       Agarwal, 885
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Shaik
                       Mansoor Ali
                       Khan, 4,425
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Sparsh
                       Vijaywargiya
                       , 885 Equity
                       Shares
                       allotted to Sri
                       Gajkesari
                       Associates
                       LLP, 6,637
                       Equity Shares
                       allotted     to
                       Srinivas


                                                   86
 Date    of      Reason/       Names      of     No. of      Cumulat        Cumulati        Face     Issue     Nature    of
 allotment       Nature        allotees          equity      ive No. of     ve paid-        value    price     Considerati
                 of            along with        shares      Equity         up Equity       per      per       on
                 Allotme       the number        allotte     Shares         Share           equit    equit
                 nt            of     Equity     d                          Capital         y        y
                               Shares                                                       shar     shar
                               allotted to                                                  e        e
                               each allottee
                               Reddy
                               Gangula,
                               4,425 Equity
                               Shares
                               allotted    to
                               Tarun Kumar
                               Mehta HUF
                               and 11,062
                               Equity Shares
                               allotted    to
                               Vinodh
                               Chelambatho
                               di.
(1) Our Company was incorporated on June 16, 2022. The subscription to the MoA is June 14, 2022 and the allotment of
    Equity Shares pursuant to such subscription was taken on record by our Board on June 30, 2022.
(2) The bonus issue was in the ratio of 1 (one) Equity share of face value of ₹ 10 for every 2 (Two) Equity Shares of face value
    ₹ 10 each held by the Shareholders, authorized by a resolution passed by the Board at their meeting held on February 16,
    2026 and by a resolution passed by the Shareholders at their EGM held on February 19, 2026.

b) Preference Share Capital

      As on the date of the filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus our Company has not issued Preference
      Shares.

2.    Issue of shares for consideration other than cash or by way of bonus issue or out of revaluation reserves

      Our Company has not issued any Equity Shares for consideration other than cash or out of revaluation
      reserves, as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Further, except as disclosed below, our
      Company has not issued any Equity Shares by way of bonus issue, as on the date of this Draft Red Herring
      Prospectus.

 Date of Number of Names of allottee and Face value Issue price Reason/                 Benefits
 allotment equity      equity shares allotted     per equity per equity Nature      of accrued to our
              shares                              share (₹) share (₹) allotment         Company
              allotted
 February 21,02,235 99,000 Equity Shares 10                  N.A.       Bonus issue (1) N.A.
          (1)
 21, 2026              allotted to Rohit Asawa,
                       5,11,000 Equity Shares
                       allotted to Divya Asawa,
                       9,07,500 Equity Shares
                       allotted    to    Chanda
                       Asawa, 15 Equity Shares
                       allotted to Umesh Chand
                       Asawa, 2,485 Equity
                       Shares allotted to Shilpa
                       Attal, 1,60,000 Equity
                       Shares allotted to Swathi
                       Penmatsa,        3,20,000
                       Equity Shares allotted to
                       Rama Raju Penmatsa,
                       4,867 Equity Shares
                       allotted     to    Abhijit

                                                              87
Date of Number of Names of allottee and Face value Issue price Reason/             Benefits
allotment equity   equity shares allotted       per equity per equity Nature    of accrued to our
          shares                                share (₹) share (₹) allotment      Company
          allotted
                   Yenumulapalli,         2,240
                   Equity Shares allotted to
                   Anusha Mohan, 2,212
                   Equity Shares allotted to
                   Aruna Kamalakar, 2,212
                   Equity Shares allotted to
                   Ashish Kumar HUF,
                   4,425 Equity Shares
                   allotted to Deepak Kumar
                   Mohanty, 442 Equity
                   Shares       allotted     to
                   Donepudi Raghavendra
                   Krishna         Koundinya,
                   2,212 Equity Shares
                   allotted to Hemanshiv
                   Goel, 3,097 Equity Shares
                   allotted to Indhumathi E,
                   663      Equity       Shares
                   allotted     to     Kaushik
                   Agarwal, 2,212 Equity
                   Shares allotted to K N
                   Lekkshme Praba, 2,240
                   Equity Shares allotted to
                   Malathi, 4,425 Equity
                   Shares       allotted     to
                   Mindscope          Advisors
                   LLP, 2,212 Equity Shares
                   allotted to Vankipuram
                   Muralidaran,           2,240
                   Equity Shares allotted to
                   V Nagalakshmi, 4,867
                   Equity Shares allotted to
                   Nikhil Gupta Bojja, 2,212
                   Equity Shares allotted to
                   Pankaj Rathi, 663 Equity
                   Shares allotted to Paresh
                   Dakotiya, 885 Equity
                   Shares allotted to Priya
                   Agarwal, 27,378 Equity
                   Shares allotted to PVE
                   Asset Services LLP,
                   2,212 Equity Shares
                   allotted to Renu Agarwal,
                   885      Equity       Shares
                   allotted to Shaik Mansoor
                   Ali Khan, 4,425 Equity
                   Shares allotted to Sparsh
                   Vijaywargiya, 885 Equity
                   Shares allotted to Sri
                   Gajkesari        Associates
                   LLP, 6,637 Equity Shares
                   allotted to Srinivas Reddy
                   Gangula, 4,425 Equity
                   Shares allotted to Tarun
                   Kumar Mehta HUF and
                   11,062 Equity Shares

                                               88
     Date of Number of Names of allottee and Face value Issue price Reason/                                     Benefits
     allotment equity   equity shares allotted  per equity per equity Nature                                 of accrued to our
               shares                           share (₹) share (₹) allotment                                   Company
               allotted
                        allotted   to    Vinodh
                        Chelambathodi.
     Notes:
     (1)
         The bonus issue was in the ratio of 1 (one) Equity share of face value of ₹ 10 for every 2 (Two) Equity Shares of face value
     ₹ 10 each held by the Shareholders, authorized by a resolution passed by the Board at their meeting held on February 16,
     2026 and by a resolution passed by the Shareholders at their EGM held on February 19, 2026.

     3.    Issue of Equity Shares at a price lower than the Issue Price in the last one year

           The Issue Price shall be determined by our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, after the Bid / Issue
           Closing Date. Except as disclosed above in “History of Issued and Paid-Up Share Capital of our Company”,
           our Company has not issued any Equity Shares at a price which may be lower than the Issue Price, during a
           period of one year preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

4.        Issue of shares pursuant to any scheme of arrangement

           As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not issued or allotted any Equity
           Shares pursuant to any schemes of arrangement approved under Sections 230-234 of the Companies Act,
           2013, as applicable.

     5.    Issue of equity shares under employee stock option schemes

           As on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company does not have any employee stock option
           schemes or stock appreciation rights.

     6.   All transactions in Equity Shares by our Promoters and members of our Promoter group between the date of
          filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the date of closing of the Issue shall be reported to the Stock
          Exchanges within 24 hours of such transactions.




                                  (The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank)




                                                                   89
7.    Shareholding Pattern of our Company:

       Set forth is the shareholding pattern of our Company as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

Catego       Category No.        of No. of No. No.       of Total Shareholdi Number of Voting Rights held in No.                    of Shareholdi Number of                        No.      of
                                                                                                                                        ng, as a % locked in No.
                                                                                                                                                                               of Equity
ry (I)       of          shareholde fully  of     shares     No. of ng as a % each class of securities                Equity
                                                                                                                                                                    Equity
             sharehold rs (III)     paid- partl underlyi Equit of           total (IX)                                shares            assuming      Equity                       Shares
                                                                                                                                                                    Shares
             er (II)                up     y      ng         y       number of                                        underlying full                 Shares                       held      in
                                                                                                                                                                    pledged or
                                    Equity paid- Deposito Share Equity                                                outstanding conversion (XII)                                 demateriali
                                                                                                                                                                    otherwise
                                    Shares up     r       y s held Shares                                             convertible of                                               ze d form
                                    held   Equit Receipts (VII) (calculated                                           s e c u r i t i convertible                   encumbere         (XIV)
                                                                                                                                                                    d (XIII)
                                    (IV)   y      (VI)     =(IV)+( as        per                                      es                securities
                                           Shar            V)        SCRR,195                                   Tot                                a N As a           N    As a
                                                                                     Number of Voting Rights al (including              (as
                                                                                                                                                       o. % of        o. % of
                                           es              + (VI) 7)                                                  warrants)         percentage
                                           held                      (VIII) as a     Class   Class Total         as (X)                 of diluted (a total           (a total
                                           (V)                       %        of (Equi        (Other             a                      Equity         )    Equit     )    Equit
                                                                     (A+B+C2)        ty       s)                %                       Share               y              y
                                                                                     Share                      of                      capital)            Shar           Shar
                                                                                     s)                         (A+                     (XI)=               es             es
                                                                                                                B                       (VII)+(X)           held           held
                                                                                                                 + C)                   As a % of           (b)            (b)
                                                                                                                                         (A+B+C2)
     (A)    Promoter      6        60,00,0 -     -         60,00,00 95.14         60,00,000 -        60,00,00 95.14 -                  -            -      -      -        -      60,00,000
            and                    00                      0                                         0
            Promoter
            Group
     (B)    Public       36        3,06,72 -     -         3,06,720 4.86          3,06,720 -         3,06,720 4.86 -                  -             -      -      -        -      3,06,720
                                   0
     (C)    Non-        -           -      -     -         -        -             -         -        -        -       -               -             -      -      -        -      -
            Promot
            er-
            Non-Public
     (C1)   Shares      -           -      -     -         -        -             -         -        -        -       -               -             -      -      -        -      -
            underlying
            DRs
     (C2)   Shares held -           -      -     -         -        -             -         -        -        -       -               -             -      -      -        -      -
            by
            Employ
            ee
            Trusts
            Total        42        63,06,7 -     -         63,06,7 100.00         63,06,720 -        63,06,7 100.0 -                   -            -      -      -        -      63,06,720
                                   20                      20                                        20       0


                                                                                               90
8.        Details of Weighted Average Cost of Acquisition of Shares for Promoters

 Particulars                    Number of Equity                 Weighted average cost       WACA per Equity
                                Shares held as on date*          of        acquisition       Shares acquired in last
                                                                 (“WACA”) per Equity         one year
                                                                 Share
 Promoters
 Chanda Asawa                   27,22,500                        5.86                        NIL
 Divya Asawa                    15,33,000                        6.52                        NIL
 Rama Raju Penmatsa             9,60,000                         NIL                         NIL
 Rohit Asawa                    2,97,000                         14.81                       NIL
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 15, 2026..

9.        Other details of Shareholding of our Company

(a) Set forth below is a list of Shareholders, holding 1% or more of the paid-up Equity Share Capital of
    our Company as on the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

  S.no.       Name of the Shareholders                              Number of Equity Percentage of the pre-
                                                                    Shares held      Issue Equity Share
                                                                                     Capital (%)
     1.       Chanda Asawa                                          27,22,500                 43.17
     2.       Divya Asawa                                           15,33,000                 24.31
     3.       Rama Raju Penmatsa                                    9,60,000                  15.22
     4.       Swathi Penmatsa                                       4,80,000                  7.61
     5.       Rohit Asawa                                           2,97,000                  4.71
              Total                                                 59,92,500                 95.02
(b) Set forth below is a list of Shareholders, holding 1% or more of the paid-up Equity Share Capital of
    our Company as of ten days prior to filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

  S.no        Name of the Shareholders                              Number of Equity Percentage of the pre-
                                                                    Shares held      Issue Equity Share
                                                                                     Capital (%)
 1.           Chanda Asawa                                          27,22,500                 43.17
 2.           Divya Asawa                                           15,33,000                 24.31
 3.           Rama Raju Penmatsa                                    9,60,000                  15.22
 4.           Swathi Penmatsa                                       4,80,000                  7.61
 5.           Rohit Asawa                                           2,97,000                  4.71
              Total                                                 59,92,500                 95.02
(c) Set forth below is a list of Shareholders, holding 1% or more of the paid-up Equity Share Capital of
    our Company as of one year prior to filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

 S. Name of the Shareholders                                             Number of Equity Percentage of the
 No.                                                                     Shares held      pre- Issue Equity
                                                                                          Share capital (%)
1.          Chanda Asawa                                                 18,15,000        45.38
2.          Divya Asawa                                                  10,22,000        25.55
3.          Kakarlapudi Krishna Kiran                                    6,40,000         16.00
4.          Sneha Penmasta                                               3,20,000         8.00
5.          Rohit Asawa                                                  1,98,000         4.95
            Total                                                        39,95,000        99.88
(d) Set forth below is a list of Shareholders, holding 1% or more of the paid-up Equity Share Capital of our
    Company as of two years prior to filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:


                                                            91
 S.        Name of the Shareholders                                Number of Equity           Percentage of the
 No.                                                               Shares held                pre- Issue Equity
                                                                                              Share capital (%)
   1.     Sneha Penmasta                                           4,15,000                   50.00
   2.     Rohit Asawa                                              3,10,000                   37.35
   3.     Divya Asawa                                              1,00,000                   12.05
          Total                                                    8,25,000                   99.40

10. Our Company has not made any Initial Public Offer of specified securities in the preceding two years from
    the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

11. Our Company does not have any intention or proposal to alter our capital structure within a period of six (6)
    months from the date of opening of the issue by way of split/consolidation of the denomination of Equity
    Shares or further Issue of Equity Shares (including issue of securities convertible into exchangeable, directly
    or indirectly, for our Equity Shares) whether preferential or bonus, rights, further public issue or qualified
    institutions placement or otherwise., except that if our Company may further issue Equity Shares (including
    issue of securities convertible into Equity Shares) whether preferential or otherwise after the date of the
    listing of equity shares to finance an acquisition, merger or joint venture or for regulatory compliance or
    such other scheme of arrangement or any other purpose as the Board may deem fit, if an opportunity of such
    nature is determined by our Board of Directors to be in the interest of our Company.

12. Details of shareholding of our Promoters and the members of our Promoter Group in the Company:

                                  Pre- Issue                     Post- Issue
 Name                             No. of equity As a % of Issued No. of equity As a % of
                                  Shares        Capital          shares        Issued Capital
 Promoters
 Chanda Asawa                     27,22,500            43.17                         [●]                  [●]
 Divya Asawa                      15,33,000            24.31                         [●]                  [●]
 Rama Raju Penmatsa               9,60,000             15.22                         [●]                  [●]
 Rohit Asawa                      2,97,000             4.71                          [●]                  [●]
 Total (A)                        55,12,500            87.41                         [●]                  [●]
 Promoter Group
 Swathi Penmatsa                  4,80,000             7.61                          [●]                  [●]
 Shilpa Attal                     7,500                0.12                          [●]                  [●]
 Total (B)                        4,87,500             7.73                          [●]                  [●]
 Grand Total (A+B)                60,00,000            95.14                         [●]                  [●]


13. Capital Build-up in respect of Shareholding of our Promoters:

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, Our Promoters cumulatively hold 55,12,500 Equity Shares
of our Company. None of the Equity Shares held by our Promoters is subject to any pledge.
Set forth below is the build-up of the Shareholding of our Promoters in our Company since incorporation.

 Date    of    Nature of      No.    of       Face  Issue   Nature of              Cumulative       % of        % of
 Allotment     acquisitio     Equity          value price/  Considera              no.      of      the         the
 / Transfer    n              Shares          per   Transfe tion                   Equity           Pre-        Post-
               (Allotmen                      Equityr price                        Shares           Issue       Issue
               t/                             Share per                                             Equity      Capita
               Acquired/                      (₹)   Equity                                          Share       l
               transfer)                            Share                                           Capital     (%)
                                                    (₹)                                             (%)*
                                                 CHANDA ASAWA
 Septembe      Transfer       2,20,000        10     N.A.   NIL                    2,20,000        3.49         [●]
 r 05, 2024    of shares
               from
               Rohit

                                                        92
Date    of   Nature of     No.    of    Face     Issue     Nature of   Cumulative    % of      % of
Allotment    acquisitio    Equity       value    price/    Considera   no.      of   the       the
/ Transfer   n             Shares       per      Transfe   tion        Equity        Pre-      Post-
             (Allotmen                  Equity   r price               Shares        Issue     Issue
             t/                         Share    per                                 Equity    Capita
             Acquired/                  (₹)      Equity                              Share     l
             transfer)                           Share                               Capital   (%)
                                                 (₹)                                 (%)*
             Asawa
March        Right         15,95,000    10       10        Cash        18,15,000     25.29     [●]
24, 2025     Issue
February     Bonus         9,07,500     10       N.A.      N.A.        27,22,500     14.39     [●]
21, 2026     Issue
Total                      27,22,500                                                 43.17     [●]
                                             DIVYA ASAWA
Septembe     Right         1,00,000     10      10     Cash            1,00,000      1.59      [●]
r 30, 2022   Issue

Septembe     Transfer      22,000       10       N.A.      NIL         1,22,000      0.35      [●]
r 05, 2024   of shares
             from
             Rohit
             Asawa
March        Right         9,00,000     10       10        Cash        10,22,000     14.27     [●]
24, 2025     Issue
February     Bonus         5,11,000     10       N.A       N.A         15,33,000     8.10      [●]
21, 2026     Issue
Total                      15,33,000                                                 24.31     [●]
                                         RAMA RAJU PENMATSA
Novembe      Transfer      6,40,000     10     NIL     Gift            6,40,000      10.15     [●]
r 19, 2025   of shares
             from
             Kiran
             Krishna
             Kakarlapu
             di
February     Bonus         3,20,000     10       N.A.      N.A.        9,60,000      5.07      [●]
21, 2026     Issue
Total                      9,60,000                                                  15.22     [●]

                                             ROHIT ASAWA
Septembe     Right         1,45,000     10     10      Cash            1,45,000      2.30      [●]
r 30, 2022   Issue
March        Conversio     1,65,000     10       10        Cash        3,10,000      2.62      [●]
28, 2023     n        of
             unsecured
             loan into
             equity
             shares
Septembe     Transfer      (22,000)     10       N.A.      NIL         2,88,000      (0.35)    [●]
r 05, 2024   of shares
             to Divya
             Asawa
Septembe     Transfer      (2,20,000)   10       N.A.      NIL         68,000        (3.49)    [●]
r 05, 2024   of shares
             to Chanda
             Asawa
March        Right         1,30,000     10       10        Cash        1,98,000      2.06      [●]
24, 2025     Issue


                                                 93
    Date    of     Nature of      No.    of       Face      Issue         Nature of   Cumulative     % of         % of
    Allotment      acquisitio     Equity          value     price/        Considera   no.      of    the          the
    / Transfer     n              Shares          per       Transfe       tion        Equity         Pre-         Post-
                   (Allotmen                      Equity    r price                   Shares         Issue        Issue
                   t/                             Share     per                                      Equity       Capita
                   Acquired/                      (₹)       Equity                                   Share        l
                   transfer)                                Share                                    Capital      (%)
                                                            (₹)                                      (%)*
    February       Bonus           99,000          10       N.A           N.A         2,97,000       1.57         [●]
    21, 2026       Issue
    Total                          2,97,000                                                          4.71         [●]
*
    Rounding Off to the closet decimal

14. Except as disclosed in “Shareholding of our Promoters”, no Equity Shares were acquired/ purchased/ sold
    by the Promoters and Promoter Group, Directors and their immediate relatives within six months immediately
    preceding the date of filling of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

15. Details of Promoter’s Contribution locked-in for three (3) years

Pursuant to Regulation 236 and 238 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, an aggregate of 20.00% of the post-
Issue Capital held by our Promoters shall be considered as Promoter’s Contribution (“Promoter’s Contribution”)
and shall be locked in for a period of three years from the date of allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Issue.
The lock in of Promoter’s Contribution would be created as per applicable law and procedure and details of the
same shall also be provided to the Stock Exchange before listing of the Equity Shares.

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold 55,12,500 Equity Shares constituting [●]%
of the Post-Issued, subscribed and Paid up Equity Share Capital of our Company, which are eligible for the
Promoters Contribution.

Details of the Equity Shares to be locked-in for three years from the date of Allotment as Promoter’s Contribution
are set forth in the table below:

    Date          of      No.       of      Face     Issue/      Nature of            Post-Issue     Lock          in
    allotment/            Equity            value    Acquisition transaction          Shareholding   Period
    Transfer of the       Shares            per      / Transfer                       (%)
    Equity                locked-in         share (₹)price per
    Shares*(1)(2)(3)                                 Equity
                                                     Share (₹)
                                                   CHANDA ASAWA
            [●]                 [●]            [●]        [●]         [●]                  [●]              [●]
                                                    DIVYA ASAWA
            [●]                 [●]            [●]        [●]         [●]                  [●]              [●]
                                                 RAMA RAJU PENMATSA
            [●]                 [●]            [●]        [●]         [●]                  [●]              [●]
                                                    ROHIT ASAWA
            [●]                 [●]            [●]        [●]         [●]                  [●]              [●]
    Total                       [●]            [●]        [●]         [●]                  [●]              [●]
* Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotment.
(1)
    For a period of three years from the date of allotment.
(2)
    All Equity Shares have been fully paid-up at the time of allotment.
(3)
    All Equity Shares held by our Promoters are in dematerialized form.

Our Promoters shall give a written consent to include such number of Equity Shares held by them and subscribed
by them as a part of Promoter’s Contribution constituting 20% of the post-Issue Equity Shares of our Company
and have agreed not to sell or transfer or pledge or otherwise dispose of in any manner, the Promoter’s
Contribution, for a period of three years from the date of Allotment in the Issue.




                                                             94
Eligibility of Share for “Minimum Promoters Contribution in terms of clauses of Regulation 237(1) of SEBI
ICDR Regulations

 Reg. No.         Promoter’s Minimum Contribution Conditions                  Eligibility Status of Equity Shares
                                                                              forming part of Promoter’s
                                                                              Contribution
 237(1)(a)(i)     Specified securities acquired during the preceding          The        Minimum        Promoter’s
                  three years, if they are acquired for consideration other   Contribution does not consist of such
                  than cash and revaluation of assets or                      Equity Shares. Hence, eligible.
                  capitalization of intangible assets are involved in such
                  transaction
 237(1)(a)(ii)    Specified securities acquired during the preceding          The      Minimum          Promoter’s
                  three years, resulting from a bonus issue by utilization    Contribution does not consist of such
                  of revaluation reserves or unrealized profits of the        Equity Shares. Hence, eligible.
                  issuer or from bonus issue against Equity Shares
                  which are ineligible for minimum promoters’
                  contribution
 237(1)(b)        Specified securities acquired by promoters during the       The      Minimum          Promoter’s
                  preceding one year at a price lower than the price at       Contribution does not consist of such
                  which specified securities are being Issued to public in    Equity Shares. Hence, eligible.
                  the Initial Public Offer.
 237(1)(c)        Specified securities allotted to promoters during the       The      Minimum          Promoter’s
                  preceding one year at a price less than the Issue price,    Contribution does not consist of such
                  against funds brought in by them during that period, in     Equity Shares. Hence, eligible.
                  case of an issuer formed by conversion of one or more
                  partnership firms, where the partners of the erstwhile
                  partnership firms are the promoters of the issuer and
                  there is no change in the management: Provided that
                  specified securities, allotted to promoters against
                  capital existing in such firms for a period of more than
                  one year on a continuous basis, shall be eligible
 237(1)(d)        Specified securities pledged with any creditor.             Our Promoters have not Pledged any
                                                                              shares    with    any     creditors.
                                                                              Accordingly,     the     Minimum
                                                                              Promoter’s Contribution does not
                                                                              consist of such Equity Shares.
                                                                              Hence, eligible.

16. Details of Promoters Contribution locked-in for two year and one year:

In addition to [●] of the post-Issue capital of our Company held by the Promoters, which will be locked - in for
three years, the balance [●] Equity Shares held by the Promoters shall be released in a phased manner i.e., 50%
of the fully diluted post-Issue capital (equivalent to [●] Equity Shares), shall be locked in for a period of two
years from the date of allotment in the Issue and the remaining 50% of the Promoters holding in excess of the
Minimum Promoters Contribution, i.e., [●]% of the fully diluted post-Issue capital (equivalent to [●] Equity
Shares), shall be locked in for a period of one year from the date of allotment in the Issue.

17. Details of pre- Issue equity shares held by persons other than the promoters locked-in for one year

In terms of Regulation 239 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in addition to the Minimum Promoters Contribution
as per regulation 238(a) and 238(b) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the entire pre- Issue capital held by persons
other than the promoters’ holding constituting [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each shall be locked in for
a period of one year from the date of allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue.

18. Inscription or Recording of non-transferability

In terms of Regulation 241 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Equity Shares which are subject to lock- in shall
carry inscription ‘non-transferable’ along with the Ratio of specified non-transferable period mentioned in the
face of the security certificate. The shares which are in dematerialized form, if any, shall be locked-in by the

                                                         95
respective depositories. The details of lock-in of the Equity Shares shall also be provided to the Designated Stock
Exchange before the listing of the Equity Shares.

19. Transferability of Locked-In Equity Shares:

In terms of Regulation 243 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, and subject to provisions of Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 as applicable:

•   The Equity Shares held by our Promoter and locked in as per Regulation 238 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations,
    may be transferred to another Promoters or any person of the Promoter’s Group or to a new promoter(s) or
    persons in control of our Company, subject to continuation of lock-in for the remaining period with
    transferee and such transferee shall not be eligible to transfer them till the lock- in period stipulated has
    expired.

•   The equity shares held by persons other than promoters and locked in as per Regulation 239 of the SEBI
    ICDR Regulations, may be transferred to any other person (including Promoter and Promoters’ Group)
    holding the equity shares which are locked-in along with the equity shares proposed to be transferred, subject
    to continuation of lock-in for the remaining period with transferee and such transferee shall not be eligible to
    transfer them till the lock- in period stipulated has expired.

20. Other requirements in respect of lock-in

     Pursuant to Regulation 242 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, Equity Shares held by the Promoters and locked-
     in, as mentioned above, may be pledged as collateral security for a loan with a scheduled commercial bank or
     a public financial institution or Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Company or a deposit
     accepting housing finance company, subject to the following:

     •    With respect to the Equity Shares locked-in as Promoter’s Contribution for three years from the date
          of Allotment, such pledge of the Equity Shares must be one of the terms of the sanction of the loan.

     •    With respect to the Equity Shares locked-in for one year from the date of Allotment, such pledge of the
          Equity Shares must be one of the terms of the sanction of the loan.

     However, the relevant lock-in period shall continue post the invocation of the pledge referenced above, and
     the relevant transferee shall not be eligible to transfer to the Equity Shares till the relevant lock-in period
     has expired in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

     In terms of Regulation 243 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, Equity Shares held by our Promoter and locked-
     in, may be transferred to any member of our Promoter Group or a new promoter, subject to continuation of
     lock-in applicable with the transferee for the remaining period and compliance with provisions of the SEBI
     (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011.

     In terms of Regulation 242(a) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the locked-in Equity Shares held by our
     Promoter can be pledged only with any scheduled commercial banks or public financial institutions or a
     systemically important non-banking finance company or a housing finance company as collateral security
     for loans granted by such banks or financial institutions, provided that such loans have been granted for the
     purpose of financing one or more of the objects of the Issue and pledge of the Equity Shares is a term of
     sanction of such loans.

21. Neither we, nor our Promoters, Promoter Group, Directors and the BRLM to this Issue have entered into any
    buyback and/ or standby arrangements and/ or similar arrangements for the purchase of the Equity Shares
    being issued through the Issue from any person.

22. All the Equity Shares held by our Promoter were fully paid-up on the respective dates of allotment or
    acquisition of such Equity Shares.

23. We further confirm that our Promoters Contribution of 20.00% of the Post Issue Equity does not include any
    contribution from Alternative Investment Funds or FVCI or Scheduled Commercial Banks or Public Financial
    Institutions or Insurance Companies.

                                                        96
24. All Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Issue shall be fully paid-up at the time of Allotment and there are no
    partly paid-up Equity Shares as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

25. The BRLM i.e., Nirbhay Capital Services Private Limited and their associates do not hold any Equity Shares
    in our Company as on the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We have 42 shareholders as on
    the date of filling of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

26. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding warrants, options to be issued
    or rights to convert debentures, loans or other convertible instruments which would entitle Promoters or any
    shareholders or any other person any option to acquire our Equity Shares after this Initial Public Offer.

27. Our Company has not raised any bridge loans which are proposed to be repaid from the proceeds of the Issue.

28. None of the Equity Shares held by our Promoter/ Promoter Group are pledged or otherwise encumbered.

29. An over-subscription to the extent of 10% of the Issue can be retained for the purpose of rounding off to the
    nearest integer during finalizing the allotment, subject to minimum allotment, which is the minimum
    application size in this Issue. Consequently, the actual allotment may go up by a maximum of 10% of the
    Issue, as a result of which, the post-Issue paid up capital after the Issue would also increase by the excess
    amount of allotment so made. In such an event, the Equity Shares held by the Promoter and subject to 3-year
    lock-in shall be suitably increased; so as to ensure that 20% of the post Issue paid-up capital is locked in.

30. In case of over-subscription in all categories the allocation in the Issue shall be as per the requirements of
    Regulation 253 of SEBI ICDR Regulations, and its amendments from time to time. Allocation to all categories
    shall be made on a proportionate basis subject to valid applications received at or above the Issue Price.
    Under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion would not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other
    categories or a combination of categories. Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price,
    undersubscription, if any, in any category, except in the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-
    over from any other category or combination of categories of Bidders at the discretion of our Company in
    consultation with the BRLM and Designated Stock Exchange i.e. BSE Limited. Such inter-se spill over, if
    any, would be affected in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

31. At any given point of time, there shall be only one denomination of the Equity Shares, unless otherwise
    permitted by law. Our Company will comply with such disclosure and accounting norms as may be specified
    by SEBI from time to time.

32. There are no Equity Shares against which depository receipts have been issued.

33. As per RBI regulations, OCBs are not allowed to participate in this Issue.

34. Our Promoter and the members of our Promoter Group will not participate in the Issue.

35. This Issue is being made through Book Building Method.

36. All Equity Shares held by our Promoters and Promoter Group are in Dematerialized Form. Hence, pre-Issue
    paid up capital of our Company is 100% Dematerialized.

37. No person connected with the Issue, including, but not limited to, our Company, the members of the
    Syndicate, or our Directors, shall offer any incentive, whether direct or indirect, in any manner, whether in
    cash or kind or services or otherwise to any Bidder for making a Bid, except for fees or commission for
    services rendered in relation to the Issue.

38. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the BRLM and their respective associates (as defined
    under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992) do not hold any
    Equity Shares of our Company. The BRLM and their affiliates may engage in the transactions with and
    perform services for our Company in the ordinary course of business or may in the future engage in
    commercial banking and investment banking transactions with our Company for which they may in the future

                                                        97
    receive customary compensation.

39. Except as disclosed above and under “Capital Build-up of our Promoters’ shareholding in our Company” on
    page 92, none of the our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel hold any Equity Shares as on the date of
    filling this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

40. No payment, direct, indirect in the nature of discount, commission, allowance, or otherwise, shall be made
    either by us or by our Promoter to the persons who receive allotments, if any, in this Issue.




                         [The remainder of this page have kept blank intentionally]




                                                     98
                                           OBJECTS OF THE ISSUE

The Issue constitutes a Fresh Issue of upto 25,00,000 Equity Shares of our Company at an Issue Price of Rs. [●] per
Equity Share aggregating to upto [●] Lakhs. We intend to utilize the proceeds of the Issue to meet the following
objects.

FRESH ISSUE

Our Company proposes to utilize the net proceeds which are being raised towards funding the following objects and
achieve the benefits of listing on the SME Platform of BSE.

The Net Issue Proceeds from the Fresh Issue will be utilized towards the following objects: -
    1. Funding Working Capital Requirements;
    2. Investment in Branding, Digital Marketing and Sales Expansion;
    3. General Corporate Purposes
(Collectively, referred to herein as the “Objects of the Issue”)

Our Company believes that listing will enhance our Company’s corporate image, brand name and create a public
market for its Equity Shares in India. The main objects clause of our Memorandum of Association of our Company
enables us to undertake the activities for which funds are being raised in the Issue. The existing activities of our
Company are within the objects clause of our Memorandum of Association. The fund requirement and deployment
are based on internal management estimates and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution.

REQUIREMENTS OF FUNDS

The proceeds of the Issue, after deducting Issue related expenses, are estimated to be ₹[●] Lakhs (the “Net
Proceeds”).

The following table summarizes the requirement of funds:

                                                                                                     (₹ in Lakhs)
                                     Particulars                                                 Amount
 Gross Proceeds of the Issue                                                            [●]
 Less: Issue related expenses                                                           [●]
 Net Proceeds of the Issue                                                              [●]

UTILIZATION OF NET PROCEEDS
The proposed utilization of Net Proceeds is set forth as stated below:
                                                                                                     (₹ In Lakhs)
 Sr.      Particulars                                             Amount                 % of Net Proceeds
 No.
 1.        Funding Working Capital Requirements                   Upto 1,375.00          [●]
           Investment in Branding, Digital Marketing and          Upto 750.00            [●]
 2.
           Sales Expansion
 3.        General Corporate Purposes^                            [●]                    [●]
 Total Net Proceeds                                               [●]                    [●]
^To be finalized on determination of the Issue Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the ROC. The
amount to be utilised for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 15% of the amount being raised by our
Company or ₹ 10 crores whichever is lower in accordance with Regulation 230(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulation,
2018 read along with SEBI ICDR (Amendment) Regulations, 2025.




                                                         99
MEANS OF FINANCE
We intend to finance our Objects of the Issue through Issue Proceeds which are as follows:
                                                                                                       (₹ In Lakhs)
 Sr.      Particulars                          Amount Required           Amount to be             Internal
 No.                                                                     utilized from IPO        Accruals /
                                                                         Proceeds                 Borrowings
          Funding     Working       Capital    Upto 3,267.97             Upto 1,375.00            Upto 1,892.97
     1.
          Requirements
          Investment in Branding, Digital      Upto 750.00               Upto 750.00              NIL
     2.
          Marketing and Sales Expansion
     3.   General Corporate Purposes           [●]                       [●]                      [●]
                                     Total [●]                       [●]                    [●]
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their
certificate dated May 15, 2026.

PROPOSED SCHEDULE OF IMPLEMENTATION AND DEPLOYMENT OF THE NET PROCEEDS

The Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue (“Net Proceeds”) are currently expected to be deployed in accordance with the
schedule as stated below:
                                                                                                     (₹ in lakhs)
 Sr.      Particulars                                Estimated           Estimated           Estimated
 No.                                                 Amount to be Utilization of Utilization                of
                                                     financed from Net Proceeds in Net Proceeds in
                                                     Net Proceeds        F. Y. 2026- 2027 F. Y. 2027- 2028
 1        Funding Working Capital Requirements Upto 1,375.00             Upto 500.00         Upto 875.00
 2          Investment in Branding, Digital            Upto 750.00          Upto 500.00         Upto 250.00
            Marketing and Sales Expansion
 3          General Corporate Purposes                 [●]                  [●]                 [●]

The requirements of the objects detailed above are intended to be funded from the proceeds of the issue and internal
accruals. Accordingly, we confirm that there is no requirement for us to make firm arrangements of finance through
verifiable means towards at least 75% of the stated means of finance, excluding the amount to be raised from the
proposed issue.
The fund requirement and deployment are based on internal management estimates and have not been appraised
by any bank or financial institution. These are based on current conditions and are subject to change in light of
changes in external circumstances or costs, other financial conditions, business or strategy, as discussed further
below.
In case of variations in the actual utilization of funds allocated for the purposes set forth above, increased fund
requirements for a particular purpose may be financed by surplus funds, if any, available in respect of the other
purposes for which funds are being raised in this Issue. If surplus funds are unavailable, the required financing will
be through our internal accruals and/or debt.
We may have to revise our fund requirements and deployment as a result of changes in commercial and other
external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling, revising or
cancelling the fund requirements and increasing or decreasing the fund requirements for a particular purpose from
its fund requirements mentioned below, at the discretion of our management. In case of any shortfall or cost
overruns, we intend to meet our estimated expenditure from internal accruals and/or debt. In case of any such re-
scheduling, it shall be made by compliance of the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.




                                                         100
As we operate in competitive environment, our Company may have to revise its business plan from time to time and
consequently our fund requirements may also change. Our Company’s historical expenditure may not be reflective
of our future expenditure plans. Our Company may have to revise its estimated costs, fund allocation and fund
requirements owing to various factors such as economic and business conditions, increased competition and other
external factors which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling or revising
the planned expenditure and funding requirements, including the expenditure for a particular purpose at the
discretion of the Company’s management. For further details on the risks involved in our business plans and
executing our business strategies, please refer section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page no. 26 of this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus.
DETAILS OF UTILIZATION OF ISSUE PROCEEDS
1. Funding Working Capital Requirements

The Company operates a single integrated manufacturing facility in Hyderabad, Telangana, dedicated to producing
Ayurvedic and nutraceutical products. The facility is compliant with WHO-GMP standards and holds valid
registrations from AYUSH and FSSAI, along with certifications such as ISO 9001:2015, ISO 22000:2018, HACCP,
HALAL and KOSHER, reflecting its commitment to quality and safety. It supports multiple dosage forms including
soft and hard gelatin capsules, tablets, liquid orals and medicated oils, and includes dedicated areas for raw material
storage, production, quality control, finished goods storage and administration. All key manufacturing processes—
from formulation and production to quality checks, packaging and final release are conducted in-house, enabling
efficient operations, product consistency and flexibility to meet diverse therapeutic and customer requirements.

Net Working Capital requirement of our company as on March 31, 2026 on restated basis was ₹1,748.53 Lakhs as
against that of ₹685.93 Lakhs and ₹287.25 Lakhs as on March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 respectively.

The Net Working capital requirements is expected to be ₹2,288.20 Lakhs as on March 31, 2027 and ₹3,267.96
Lakhs as on March 31, 2028. The Company will meet the requirement to the extent of ₹1,375.00 Lakhs from the
Net Proceeds of the Issue and balance from borrowings and internal accruals at an appropriate time as per the
requirement.

Our Company proposes to utilise up to ₹1,375.00 Lakhs from the Net Proceeds towards funding its working capital
requirements in the ordinary course of business and to accelerate its strategic expansion into direct-to-customer
("D2C") segments.

Our business is characterised by significant working capital intensity, which is inherent to the nature of our
operations. Historically, we have met our working capital needs through a combination of internal accruals and
short-term borrowings from banks and financial institutions. However, as we scale our operations and execute on
our growth strategy, particularly the transition from an exclusively B2B model to an integrated B2B and D2C model,
our incremental working capital requirements are expected to increase materially.

The proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds towards working capital is driven by the following strategic imperatives:

 • Business Expansion into D2C Channels: The shift into direct-to-customer segments requires upfront
   investment in inventory, distribution infrastructure, and receivables management, necessitating a stronger
   working capital base, and
 • Revenue & Profitability Growth: The infusion of additional working capital is expected to directly support
   revenue growth and improve operating leverage, leading to enhanced profitability over the medium term.

The working capital requirement has been assessed based on our current scale of operations, projected business
growth, and the anticipated funding needs of our D2C expansion.

The details of Company’s working capital as at March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 on the basis
of restated financial statements and expected working capital requirements for Fiscal 2027 & Fiscal 2028 are as set
out in the table below:




                                                         101
Existing Working Capital Requirements:
                                                                                                     (₹ in lakhs)
 Sr.     Particulars                              Fiscal 2026          Fiscal 2025           Fiscal 2024
 No.                                              Restated             Restated              Restated
 I        Current assets
          Inventories                             891.55             328.41               252.29
          Trade receivables                       1,058.69           563.96               155.26
          Short Term Loans & Advances             6.09               7.45                 13.79
          Other Assets                            68.74              5.72                 11.67
          Total Current Assets (A)                2,025.07           905.54               433.01
  II      Current liabilities
          Trade payables                           69.93             128.17               61.57
          Other Current Liabilities                53.88             47.14                64.74
          Short term provisions                    152.74            44.30                19.45
          Total current liabilities (B)            276.54            219.61               145.76
          Working capital (A – B)                  1,748.53          685.93               287.25
  III     Sources of funds
          Short-term borrowings                   459.16             121.95               106.08
          Internal Accruals                       1,289.37           563.98               181.17
          Total Means of Finance                  1,748.53           685.93               287.25
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of
their certificate dated May 15, 2026.

Expected working capital requirements:

The estimated working capital requirements for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2027 and March 31, 2028 have
been prepared based on the management estimates of current and future financial performance. The projection has
been prepared using set of assumptions that include assumptions about future events and management’s action that
are not necessarily expected to occur.

On the basis of our existing working capital requirements and estimated working capital requirements, our Board
has approved the projected working capital requirements for Financial Year ended March 31, 2027 and March 31,
2028 with the assumptions and justifications for holding levels, and the proposed funding of such working capital
requirements, as set forth below. The balance portion of our working capital requirement, if any will be arranged
from existing equity, internal accruals, borrowings from banks, financial institutions.
                                                                                                      (₹ in lakhs)
  Sr.     Particulars                                                Fiscal 2028           Fiscal 2027
  No.                                                                Projected             Projected
  I       Current assets
          Inventories                                                 1,622.50              952.00
          Trade receivables                                           1,842.00              1,462.00
          Short Term Loans & Advances                                 7.36                  6.69
          Other Assets                                                90.66                 89.36
          Total Current Assets (A)                                    3,562.52              2,510.05
  II      Current liabilities
          Trade payables                                              137.00                131.00
          Other Current Liabilities                                   65.19                 59.26
          Short term provisions                                       92.37                 31.59
          Total current liabilities (B)                              294.56                 221.85
          Working capital (A – B)                                    3,267.96              2,288.20
  III     Sources of funds
          Short term borrowings from banks                            459.16                459.16
          Internal accruals                                           1,433.80             1,329.04
          Net Working Capital Requirements                            1,375.00              500.00
          Amount proposed to be utilised from Issue proceeds         875.00                500.00
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of
their certificate dated May 15, 2026.

                                                       102
The balance portion of our working capital requirement will be arranged from existing equity, internal accruals,
borrowings from banks, financial institutions.

Assumptions for our estimated working capital requirement:
                                                                                                     (in Days)
  Particulars               Holding         Holding        Holding           Holding         Holding
                            Levels          Levels         Levels (March Levels              Levels
                            (March 31, (March 31, 31, 2026)                  (March 31, (March 31,
                            2028)           2027)                            2025)           2024)
                            Projected       Projected      Restated          Restated        Restated
  Inventory                 90              82             69                70              67
  Trade Receivables         90              85             69                63              32
  Trade Payables            9               9              11                23              20
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their
certificate dated May 15, 2026.

 Notes:
 1. Inventory holding days are calculated by dividing 365 by the Average Inventory Turnover ratio. The Average
    Inventory Turnover ratio is calculated by dividing Cost of Goods Sold (including all expenses other than
    Depreciation and Finance Cost) by Average Inventory.
 2. Debtors' holding days are calculated by dividing 365 by the Average Trade Receivables Turnover ratio. The
    Average Trade Receivables Turnover ratio is calculated by dividing Revenue from Operations by Average
    Trade Receivables.
 3. Creditors holding days are calculated by dividing 365 by the Average Trade Payables Turnover ratio. The
    Average Trade Payables Turnover ratio is calculated by dividing Purchases by Average Trade Payables.

The table below sets forth the key assumptions for working capital projections:

 Particulars            Assumption
 Inventory              Inventories of our Company comprise raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods.
                        Our Company had inventory holding days of 67, 70 and 69 days during the Financial Year
                        2023-24,                2024-25             and             2025-26              respectively.
                        Inventory for Financial Year 2025-26 consist of Raw Material amounting to ₹670 Lakhs,
                        Work in Progress amounting to ₹158 Lakhs and Finished Goods amounting to ₹64 Lakhs.
                        Our Company estimates the inventory holding period to be 82 and 90 days in Financial
                        Year 2026-27 and 2027-28 respectively.
                        Our Company has been steadily growing its portfolio of own branded products, with the
                        share of branded products in its overall revenues increasing from approximately 20% in
                        FY 2024–25 to approximately 50% in FY 2025–26, and is expected to increase further in
                        the coming years. As our Company continues to add new products across its Ayurvedic
                        and nutraceutical segments, the total number of active SKUs in its portfolio has increased
                        significantly. Unlike third-party or traded products, own branded products require our
                        Company to maintain ready finished goods inventory across all active SKUs at all times,
                        since stockouts on branded products directly impact brand reputation and customer
                        retention, particularly in the pharmaceutical and nutraceutical industry.
                        As the number of SKUs increases, our Company is required to hold a proportionately
                        higher level of inventory to ensure that each product remains available for sale without
                        interruption. This, by itself, results in a higher inventory holding period as compared to
                        earlier years when the product portfolio was narrower and the share of branded products
                        was lower.
                        Our Company is also expanding into new geographical territories as part of its growth
                        strategy. When entering a new market, it is necessary for our Company to ensure that
                        adequate stock is available, both at its own end and across its channel partners, to support
                        initial sales efforts, meet customer orders on time, and establish a reliable supply presence
                        in that region. Our Company distributes its products through a multi-tier channel
                        comprising super stockists, stockists, and retailers. Since inventory needs to be maintained
                        at each level of this distribution chain, our Company is required to hold higher primary
                        stock at its end to ensure that replenishment to channel partners remains uninterrupted. As
                        the geographic footprint widens and the product basket expands, channel partners are also

                                                        103
Particulars        Assumption
                   required to stock a wider range of products, which further increases the Company's
                   primary stocking requirements.
                   In addition to its existing B2B operations, our Company proposes to expand into the
                   Business-to-Consumer ("B2C") segment through e-commerce marketplaces, quick
                   commerce platforms, and its own website. Sales through these channels require a
                   fundamentally different approach to inventory management as compared to B2B sales. E-
                   commerce and quick commerce platforms require our Company to pre-position inventory
                   at their fulfilment centres and warehouses in advance, so that orders can be dispatched and
                   delivered to customers within the committed timeframes. This means our Company needs
                   to maintain stock at multiple locations simultaneously, rather than dispatching from a
                   single central location as in the case of B2B orders. This multi-location inventory
                   deployment naturally results in a higher overall inventory holding period.
                   Our Company also intends to maintain inventory for promotional activities, product
                   sampling, and display purposes at retail outlets, exhibitions, and marketing events,
                   particularly as it builds consumer awareness for its branded products in new markets.
                   While this inventory does not immediately convert into sales, it is a necessary part of the
                   Company's go-to-market strategy for its B2C expansion.
                   Finally, as our Company introduces new products and enters new markets, there is inherent
                   uncertainty in demand forecasting during the initial ramp-up period. To avoid stockouts
                   which, in consumer-facing channels, can negatively impact platform visibility and
                   customer experience our Company is required to maintain a reasonable level of buffer
                   inventory across its product range, particularly ahead of peak demand periods such as
                   festive seasons or promotional campaigns.
                   Our Company continues to manage its inventory through structured demand forecasting,
                   production planning, and periodic stock reviews to ensure that inventory levels remain
                   optimised and the risk of dead stock or expiry is minimised. The increase in inventory
                   holding period is therefore a planned outcome of our Company's growth strategy and is
                   consistent with industry practices followed by companies operating in similar segments.
Trade Receivable   Trade receivables are amount owed to Company by customers following sale of goods on
                   credit. Our Company had Trade Receivable days of 32, 63 and 69 days in the Financial
                   Year 2023-24, 2024-25 and 2025-26 respectively.
                   Our Company estimates that the Trade Receivables holding period, which is expected to
                   gradually increase in line with the projected growth in Revenue from Operations, will be
                   85 days in Financial Year 2026-27 and 90 days in Financial Year 2027-28.
                   The increase in trade receivable days to approximately 80–90 days is a natural outcome of
                   our Company's distribution model and channel expansion.
                   Since our Company sells to super stockists, who then sell to stockists, and finally to
                   retailers, there is an inherent time gap between when our Company raises its invoice and
                   when it actually receives payment. Payments come in only after the product has passed
                   through each level of the distribution chain, which, combined with the credit period
                   extended to channel partners, results in a receivable cycle of approximately 80–90 days.
                   This is in line with standard industry practice for companies operating in similar segments.
                   Further, as our Company grows its B2C business through e-commerce and quick
                   commerce platforms, payments from these platforms are received only after accounting
                   for delivery confirmation, product returns, platform fees, and other deductions all of which
                   follow a platform defined settlement cycle. This makes the collection timeline on B2C
                   sales longer than on traditional distribution sales, and as B2C revenues grow, this is
                   expected to add to the overall receivable days.
                   Our Company has defined credit limits for its channel partners, monitors its receivables
                   regularly, and has maintained a consistent collection track record, which ensures that the
                   increase in receivable days remains within planned and manageable levels.
Trade Payable      Trade payables are amount to be paid to suppliers by company following purchase of
                   materials and expenses. Our Company had trade payable days of 20, 23 and 11 days in the
                   Financial Year 2023-24, 2024-25 and 2025-26.
                   Our Company estimates Trade Payable Holding period of 9 days in both Financial Year
                   2026-27 and 2027-28. The Company's trade payable days have moderated to
                   approximately 9 days, reflecting the nature of its procurement relationships and the
                   priority it places on maintaining a reliable and uninterrupted supply chain.



                                                   104
 Particulars            Assumption
                        A significant portion of our Company's raw material procurement comprises herbal &
                        botanical extracts, medicated oils, plant-based actives and vitamins, many of which are
                        sourced from suppliers who operate on prompt payment or advance payment terms. As is
                        common in the pharmaceutical and nutraceutical industry, suppliers of specialty or
                        regulated inputs typically do not extend long credit periods, and timely payment is a
                        prerequisite for securing consistent supply and priority allocation of materials.
                        Additionally, as our Company scales its branded product portfolio and introduces new
                        SKUs, ensuring uninterrupted availability of the right raw materials at the right time
                        becomes critical. In this context, our Company has consciously prioritised prompt
                        payment to its key suppliers to strengthen these relationships, secure supply continuity,
                        and avoid any disruption to its production schedules particularly given the higher
                        inventory and order fulfilment commitments arising from its B2C expansion and
                        geographic growth.
                        The low payable days therefore reflect a deliberate and commercially sound approach to
                        supplier management, where our Company trades a marginally higher working capital
                        requirement against the benefits of supply reliability, preferred vendor status, and
                        consistent material availability all of which are essential to support its expanding
                        operations.
 Loans and              Loans and advances mainly include Advance to Creditors and Employees. Loans and
 Advances               advances are estimated based on previous years outstanding amount and for expected
                        Business requirement of company.
 Other Assets           Other Current Assets mainly includes TDS Receivables, GST Receivables and Prepaid
                        Expenses. Other Assets is estimated based on previous years outstanding amount and for
                        expected Business requirement of company.
 Other Liabilities      Other Liabilities mainly includes advance from customers, salary and wages payable,
                        other expenses payable and other statutory dues payable. Other liabilities are estimated
                        based on previous years outstanding amount and for expected Business requirement of
                        company.
 Short-term             Short-term provisions mainly include Provision for Income Tax. Short-term provisions
 provisions             are estimated based on previous years outstanding amount and for expected Business
                        requirement of company.

2. Investment in Branding, Digital Marketing and Sales Expansion

Our Company proposes to utilise up to ₹750.00 Lakhs from the Net Proceeds towards branding, marketing and
digital sales expansion initiatives. These investments are directed towards establishing a scalable direct-to-consumer
("D2C") channel, augmenting brand visibility across digital platforms and strengthening the Company's overall
market presence in the nutraceutical, Ayurvedic and wellness products space.

Industry Context and Rationale for Investment in Business Development & Digital Marketing

The nutraceutical, Ayurvedic and wellness products industry in India is characterised by heightened competitive
intensity and a structural shift in consumer behaviour towards digital platforms. Consumers today increasingly rely
on digital channels, including search engines, social media platforms and e-commerce marketplaces, for the
discovery, evaluation and purchase of health and wellness products. In this evolving landscape, brand visibility,
consumer trust and efficient customer acquisition have emerged as key differentiators, and the ability to engage
consumers directly across the full purchase journey has become increasingly important for sustainable revenue
growth.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has historically incurred negligible expenditure on branding and
marketing activities. This is not reflective of the Company's long-term strategic intent, but is a consequence of its
distribution-led and practitioner-driven B2B business model, which has, to date, served as the primary driver of
demand generation and geographic market penetration. However, as the Company seeks to expand its addressable
consumer base, establish a direct interface with end consumers and capture the growing opportunity presented by
digital commerce, a focused and sustained investment in branding and marketing has become a strategic imperative.

Existing Business Model



                                                         105
The Company currently operates a B2B distribution model, supported by a well-established multi-tier network
comprising super stockists, distributors and healthcare practitioners. This network facilitates prescription-based
demand generation, ensures deep geographic market penetration and enables the Company to reach consumers
across urban and semi-urban markets through trusted intermediaries and healthcare professionals. The practitioner-
driven demand model has been a key competitive strength, enabling the Company to build credibility and trust for
its products through healthcare professional endorsement.

This model has been, and will continue to remain, a core pillar of the Company's commercial operations. The
proposed investment in digital marketing and D2C initiatives is accordingly not intended to replace or substitute the
existing B2B and practitioner-driven framework. Rather, these initiatives are designed to establish a complementary
growth vertical, with its own distinct consumer acquisition, marketing and fulfilment mechanisms, operating
alongside the existing distribution model and thereby supporting an integrated omni-channel approach to growth.

Omni-Channel Digital Growth Strategy

The Company intends to adopt a dual-channel digital strategy comprising: (i) a proprietary D2C platform anchored
in its own website; and (ii) presence across third-party e-commerce marketplaces, with each channel serving
complementary and distinct functions.

The proprietary D2C platform is expected to serve as the primary channel for brand ownership, consumer retention
and data-driven engagement, enabling the Company to build first-party consumer data assets, personalise marketing,
improve retention and reduce dependency on third-party platforms over time, thereby improving contribution
margins.

Third-party e-commerce marketplaces are expected to function as a channel for product discovery, wider geographic
reach and incremental sales volumes, particularly in markets where the Company's proprietary platform may have
limited initial penetration. The Company intends to leverage marketplace-specific promotional tools, including
sponsored listings and platform-level marketing initiatives, to drive product discovery and consumer acquisition.

Strategic Objectives

The proposed investment is aligned with the following strategic objectives:
(i) Strengthening Online Distribution Channels — Development and optimisation of the Company's proprietary
website and D2C platform to serve as a scalable channel for direct consumer sales and engagement.
(ii) Driving Customer Acquisition Through Digital Marketing — Undertaking targeted, performance-driven
digital marketing campaigns leveraging data-driven audience targeting, segmentation and conversion optimisation
to maximise marketing efficiency.
(iii) Enhancing Brand Visibility and Consumer Awareness — Investing in brand-building initiatives
encompassing performance marketing, content marketing, influencer marketing and digital advertising, to improve
the visibility and recall of the Company's nutraceutical and Ayurvedic product portfolio among target consumer
segments.
(iv) Supporting Revenue Diversification Through D2C and Marketplace Channels — Generating incremental
revenue streams through direct consumer sales on the proprietary platform and through third-party e-commerce
marketplaces, with the expectation that these channels will contribute meaningfully to the overall revenue mix over
time.
(v) Establishing an Integrated Omni-Channel Presence — Enabling the Company's offline practitioner-led
network and digital channels to operate in a complementary and mutually reinforcing manner, serving a broader and
more diverse consumer base while leveraging the respective strengths of each channel.

Target Consumer Segments and Marketing Approach




                                                        106
The Company's digital marketing initiatives are expected to target a broad consumer base, including: (i)
therapeutically-oriented consumers seeking Ayurvedic and nutraceutical solutions for specific health conditions
such as pain management, metabolic disorders, joint health and immunity support; and (ii) wellness and preventive
health consumers across varied age groups proactively seeking nutraceutical supplements to support general health
and vitality.

Marketing communication is expected to adopt a mix of product-focused and benefit-driven messaging, tailored to
specific consumer segments and platform contexts, leveraging educational content, clinical credibility markers,
consumer testimonials and influencer-led communication to build awareness, trust and purchase intent. The
Company's marketing strategy is further differentiated by its integration of practitioner-led engagement with digital
amplification, which is expected to enhance brand credibility and improve conversion efficiency.

Proposed Utilisation of Funds

The proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds under this object includes, inter alia, the following key activities:
(i) Development, enhancement and optimisation of the Company's proprietary website and digital infrastructure
(ii) Performance marketing campaigns for consumer awareness and customer acquisition
(iii) Digital advertising across search engines and social media platforms
(iv) Promotional campaigns and sponsored listings on third-party e-commerce marketplaces
(v) Influencer marketing and digital content creation
(vi) Marketing analytics tools and campaign optimisation platforms

The allocation of funds across the above activities shall be undertaken in a phased and performance-driven manner,
guided by key metrics including customer acquisition cost ("CAC"), return on advertising spend ("ROAS"),
conversion rates and customer lifetime value ("LTV"), with ongoing reallocation towards activities demonstrating
the highest return and strategic impact.

ESTIMATED BREAK-UP OF PROPOSED UTILISATION OF NET PROCEEDS

The proposed deployment of funds is expected to be completed within a period of approximately 12 to 15 months
from the date of receipt of the Net Proceeds. The estimated cost of the aforesaid object and the proposed means of
finance are set out below:
                                                                                                       (₹ in Lakhs)
                              Particulars                              Estimated Amount
  a) Advertising, Promotional Campaigns and Sponsored Listings Upto 441.00
     on E-Commerce and Quick Commerce Marketplaces
  b) Development, Enhancement and Optimisation of the Upto 09.00
     Company's Proprietary Direct-to-Consumer (D2C) Website
     and Digital Infrastructure
  c) Performance Marketing, Digital Advertising and Customer Upto 300.00
     Acquisition Initiatives
     Total                                                             Upto 750.00

a) Advertising, Promotional Campaigns and Sponsored Listings on E-Commerce and Quick Commerce
   Marketplaces

   Our Company proposes to undertake targeted advertising and promotional campaigns across leading e-
   commerce and quick commerce marketplaces with the objective of enhancing product visibility, improving
   brand awareness and driving customer acquisition. For this purpose, the Company intends to appoint a marketing
   agency to plan and execute such campaigns in an efficient and performance-driven manner. These initiatives are
   expected to improve the discoverability of the Company's Ayurvedic and nutraceutical product portfolio,
   enhance conversion rates and support growth in revenue from operations.

   The Company proposes to adopt a platform-specific approach to marketplace advertising, and accordingly, the
   strategy for each platform is set out below:


                                                        107
     Amazon India ("Amazon")

     Amazon is expected to serve as the primary revenue-generating marketplace within the Company's digital sales
     ecosystem. The Company's growth strategy on Amazon is focused on improving product discoverability, organic
     search rankings and conversion efficiency through a combination of paid advertising and catalogue optimisation.

     Key advertising and operational levers to be deployed on Amazon include the following:
      • Sponsored Products campaigns targeting high-intent search keywords relevant to the Company's product
          categories;
      • Sponsored Brands campaigns to build brand visibility within category-level search results;
      • Sponsored Display campaigns to retarget high-intent shoppers who have previously engaged with the
          Company's product listings;
      • Competitor keyword targeting and product-level targeting campaigns to capture demand from adjacent and
          competing product searches; and
      • Search engine optimisation ("SEO")-driven listing optimisation, including the development of enhanced
          A+ content modules to improve listing quality and conversion rates.

     Flipkart Marketplace ("Flipkart")

     Flipkart is expected to function as a secondary growth marketplace, providing incremental category penetration
     and access to additional consumer cohorts not fully served through the Company's Amazon presence. Sales
     growth on Flipkart is expected to be supported through a combination of catalogue optimisation and platform-
     specific sponsored advertising programmes.

     Key advertising and growth levers to be deployed on Flipkart include the following:
      • Flipkart Product Listing Ads ("PLA") targeting category-level search traffic;
      • Keyword-based Sponsored Product campaigns to drive product discoverability;
      • Participation in platform-led promotional events and sale campaigns to drive incremental volumes; and
      • Category banner placements and promotional visibility during high-traffic sale events.

     Quick Commerce Platforms

     Quick commerce platforms, including Zepto, Blinkit and similar instant delivery platforms, are expected to
     contribute to incremental revenue growth driven by convenience-led purchasing behaviour and the increasing
     consumer preference for faster delivery timelines.

     The Company's presence on quick commerce platforms is expected to be supported through the following
     initiatives:
      • In-app search advertising to drive product discoverability within platform search results;
      • Category banner placements to enhance brand visibility within relevant health and wellness categories;
      • Strategic inventory positioning across dark store networks to ensure product availability and fulfilment
           efficiency; and
      • Prioritisation of high-velocity SKUs suited to impulse-led and convenience-driven purchase occasions.

b) Development, Enhancement and Optimisation of the Company's Proprietary D2C Website and Digital
   Infrastructure

     The Company's proprietary direct-to-consumer website is intended to serve as a strategic long-term asset for
     customer acquisition, retention and direct brand engagement. In addition to functioning as a direct sales channel,
     the website is expected to serve as a key platform for building owned consumer relationships, enabling greater
     control over customer experience, facilitating access to first-party consumer data and insights and supporting
     long-term brand ownership independent of third-party marketplace platforms.

     The proposed utilisation towards website development includes expenditure on the design, development and
     technical enhancement of the Company's D2C website, including improvements to user interface and user
     experience ("UI/UX"), website architecture, product catalogue integration, payment gateway infrastructure, and
     backend systems required to support seamless consumer transactions and data capture.

c)   Performance Marketing, Digital Advertising and Customer Acquisition Initiatives


                                                          108
   Customer acquisition through the Company's proprietary D2C platform is proposed to be driven through a
   combination of performance marketing, paid digital advertising and influencer-led content initiatives. These
   initiatives are expected to drive targeted consumer traffic to the Company's website, improve conversion rates
   and support the building of a direct and owned consumer base over time.

   The key digital marketing and customer acquisition channels to be leveraged include the following:
    • Meta Platforms (Facebook and Instagram): Targeted paid advertising campaigns on Meta platforms,
        including feed, story and reel-based ad formats, aimed at driving consumer awareness, product discovery
        and website traffic among relevant target audiences;
    • Google Search Advertising: Performance-driven search advertising campaigns targeting high-intent
        product and category-related queries to capture consumers actively seeking the Company's product
        categories;
    • Google Display Network and YouTube: Display and video advertising campaigns on the Google Display
        Network and YouTube platform to drive broader brand awareness, product discovery and retargeting of
        previously engaged audiences;
    • Cross-Platform Retargeting: Retargeting campaigns across Meta and Google platforms to re-engage
        consumers who have previously visited the Company's website or interacted with its digital assets, with
        the objective of improving conversion rates and reducing customer acquisition costs; and
    • Influencer Marketing and Content Creation: Engagement of relevant influencers and digital content
        creators to generate authentic, platform-native content for use as advertising creative assets across digital
        channels, supporting both paid amplification and organic brand visibility.

APPOINTMENT OF MARKETING AGENCY

The Company proposes to engage one or more marketing agencies on a retainer basis to provide strategic advisory,
campaign planning and performance monitoring services in connection with its digital marketing and brand
development initiatives. The role of such agencies will be limited to providing strategic guidance, media planning,
campaign strategy formulation, performance tracking, analytics and reporting across digital media platforms. As on
date, no such agency has been appointed and no binding agreements have been entered into in this regard.

It is clarified that the retainer fees payable to such marketing agencies shall be met by the Company from its internal
accruals and shall not form part of the proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds under this object. The Net Proceeds
allocated towards branding, marketing and digital sales expansion initiatives shall be utilised directly for payments
to digital advertising platforms and marketplace operators, and quick commerce platforms, towards advertising
spends, sponsored listings, promotional campaigns and related marketplace marketing expenditures.

The selection of marketing agencies shall be based on relevant domain expertise, experience in the nutraceutical
and wellness sector, demonstrated track record in digital campaign management and commercial negotiations.

SUMMARY OF VENDOR PROPOSAL

 Particulars                             Name of Supplier          Date of Proposal          Validity

 Strategic advisory, media planning      Divrit    Consultancy     May 10, 2026              6 months
 and     performance      monitoring     Private Limited
 services in connection with: (i)
 advertising,            promotional
 campaigns and sponsored listings
 on e-commerce and quick
 commerce      marketplaces;      (ii)
 development, enhancement and
 optimisation of the Company's
 proprietary D2C website and
 digital infrastructure; and (iii)
 performance marketing, digital
 advertising      and       customer
 acquisition    initiatives    across
 platforms


                                                         109
The proposal obtained from the vendors referred to above were valid as of the date of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus. However, except as specifically stated, the Company has not entered into any binding agreements with
such vendor(s), and there can be no assurance that the same vendor(s) will be engaged or that the services will be
procured at the prices indicated in such quotations.

None of these vendors have any relationship with the Company’s Directors, Promoters, Promoter Group or the
Merchant Banker. Further, the Promoter, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company do not have any
direct or indirect interest in the vendors from whom proposal have been obtained in connection with the proposed
expenditure.

The proposal relied upon are valid only for a limited period and may expire thereafter. Accordingly, the actual
expenditure for the proposed object at the time of implementation may vary, including fluctuations in advertising
costs, changes in digital platform pricing, and other market-driven factors.

SCHEDULE OF IMPLEMENTATION OF NET PROCEEDS

The proposed deployment of funds is expected to be implemented within a period of approximately 12 to 15 months
from the date of receipt of the Net Proceeds, as per the following broad timelines:

 Particulars                                               Estimated Timelines from receipt of Net Proceeds
 Development, Enhancement and Optimisation of the          0–3 months
 Company's Proprietary Direct-to-Consumer (D2C)
 Website and Digital Infrastructure
 Performance Marketing, Digital Advertising and            12–15 months
 Customer Acquisition Initiatives
 Advertising, Promotional Campaigns and Sponsored          12–15 months
 Listings on E-Commerce and Quick Commerce
 Marketplaces

Key implementation milestones are expected to include the following:
    • development, enhancement and launch of the Company's proprietary D2C website and supporting digital
       infrastructure;
    • onboarding of the Company's product portfolio across e-commerce and quick commerce marketplace
       platforms;
    • establishment and optimisation of logistics and order fulfilment capabilities to support digital and D2C
       sales;
    • commencement and phased scale-up of performance marketing and digital advertising campaigns across
       Meta, Google and marketplace platforms; and
    • implementation of marketing analytics tools and data infrastructure to support campaign performance
       monitoring and data-driven optimisation.

Based on internal estimates and management assessment, the Company expects these initiatives to contribute to
growth in online revenues over the implementation period, supported by increased customer acquisition, improved
consumer retention and ongoing data-driven marketing optimisation.

DIGITAL MARKETING STRATEGY AND IMPLEMENTATION APPROACH

The Company's proposed investment in branding, marketing and digital sales expansion is expected to support the
scaling of its online revenue channels over the medium term. The Company's marketing strategy is structured around
a phased implementation approach, the broad contours of which are set out below.

The Company's marketing strategy is based on a phased implementation approach, wherein, during the initial phase,
a relatively higher proportion of expenditure is expected to be allocated towards customer acquisition, brand
awareness and digital infrastructure development, including the development and optimisation of its proprietary
website. As the Company's digital consumer base expands and matures, marketing efficiency is expected to improve
progressively, driven by factors such as increased repeat purchases, improved customer lifetime value ("LTV"),
enhanced brand recall and data-driven campaign optimisation.
The Company may also integrate its practitioner-led marketing initiatives with its digital platforms, with a view to
enhancing consumer awareness and supporting online conversions by leveraging the credibility and reach of its
existing healthcare practitioner network.

                                                        110
 Based on internal estimates and management assessment, the Company expects that its digital marketing initiatives
 may support growth in online revenues over time, with a corresponding improvement in return on marketing spend
 as campaigns mature and customer acquisition costs stabilise. However, such estimates are indicative in nature and
 are subject to various factors, including prevailing market conditions, consumer behaviour, competitive intensity
 and execution risks.

 The proposed digital initiatives are subject to certain risks, including customer acquisition challenges, competitive
 intensity, technology and execution risks, logistics and fulfilment constraints, and regulatory and data privacy
 considerations. The Company intends to mitigate these risks through a phased implementation approach, careful
 selection of technology, platforms and marketing partners, robust logistics planning, and adherence to applicable
 regulatory and data protection frameworks. For further details, please refer to the risk factor titled “Our inability to
 effectively implement and scale our digital and online initiatives may adversely affect our business operations,
 customer acquisition and financial performance” on page 33 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS AND PERFORMANCE MONITORING FRAMEWORK

 The Company intends to monitor the effectiveness of its digital marketing and D2C initiatives through a structured
 set of key performance indicators ("KPIs"), which are aligned with standard industry metrics and internal
 management objectives. These KPIs are expected to serve as the primary basis for evaluating campaign
 performance, guiding resource allocation decisions and supporting continuous optimisation of the Company's
 marketing expenditure.

 The Company proposes to track and evaluate the following key performance indicators in connection with its digital
 marketing and D2C initiatives:

   i. Customer Acquisition Cost ("CAC"): Measures the cost efficiency of acquiring a new consumer across digital
      channels; expected to decline over time as targeting improves and brand awareness builds
  ii. Customer Lifetime Value ("LTV"): Measures the total revenue expected from a consumer over their
      engagement lifecycle; driven by repeat purchases, product efficacy and consumer engagement
iii. LTV to CAC Ratio: A composite metric reflecting the overall efficiency and sustainability of the Company's
      customer acquisition model; a higher ratio indicates more efficient and profitable marketing spend
 iv. Return on Advertising Spend ("ROAS"): Measures revenue generated per unit of advertising expenditure;
      expected to improve as campaigns mature and audience targeting is refined
  v. Conversion Rate: Measures the proportion of website visitors or platform users who complete a purchase;
      expected to be influenced by website optimisation, product communication, consumer reviews and overall user
      experience
 vi. Repeat Purchase Rate: Measures the proportion of consumers making repeat purchases; a key indicator of
      consumer satisfaction, product efficacy and brand loyalty
vii. Channel Mix Efficiency: Measures the relative contribution and cost efficiency of each digital channel (D2C
      platform, marketplaces, performance marketing) to overall online revenue

 The above metrics are based on standard industry definitions and internal management estimates.

 Strategic Context for Key Metrics

 Customer Acquisition Cost and Lifetime Value
 Customer acquisition cost is expected to be optimised over time through improved audience targeting, campaign
 refinement and increased organic brand visibility. Customer lifetime value is expected to be driven primarily by
 repeat purchase behaviour, product efficacy and sustained consumer engagement initiatives. The Company intends
 to maintain focus on building a sustainable LTV to CAC ratio, which it regards as a key indicator of the long-term
 commercial viability of its digital marketing investments.

 Repeat Purchase Dynamics
 Repeat purchase behaviour is particularly relevant for the Company's nutraceutical and Ayurvedic product portfolio,
 which comprises formulations that are typically consumed over extended periods as part of ongoing health and
 wellness regimens. Repeat purchases are expected to be driven by product efficacy, increased consumer awareness
 and familiarity with usage protocols, healthcare practitioner recommendations and continued engagement through
 the Company's digital marketing and retention initiatives. The inherent repeat consumption characteristics of the



                                                           111
Company's product portfolio are expected to support sustained consumer engagement, enhance customer lifetime
value and improve overall marketing efficiency over time.

Conversion Rate Optimisation
Conversion rates across the Company's digital platforms are expected to be influenced by a combination of factors,
including website user experience and interface design, quality and clarity of product communication, consumer
reviews and ratings, and the overall digital purchase journey. The Company intends to invest in ongoing website
optimisation and testing to progressively improve conversion efficiency across its D2C platform.

Channel Mix and Margin Improvement
The Company intends to adopt a balanced and evolving channel strategy, with an initial focus on marketplace-led
growth to achieve scale and consumer reach, followed by a progressive increase in the contribution of its proprietary
D2C platform to the overall revenue mix. This shift is expected to improve contribution margins over time by
reducing dependency on third-party marketplace platforms and increasing the proportion of direct, owned consumer
relationships.

Performance Monitoring and Governance Framework

The performance of the Company's digital marketing and D2C initiatives is expected to be monitored through a
structured and periodic review framework, comprising the following:
     • Periodic Performance & Operational Reviews: Ongoing tracking of campaign-level performance
         metrics, including CAC, ROAS, conversion rates and advertising spend efficiency, to enable timely
         optimisation and reallocation of marketing budgets, comprehensive reviews covering marketing efficiency,
         sales outcomes across digital channels, consumer acquisition and retention metrics, and overall progress
         against implementation milestones; and
     • Periodic Strategic Assessments: Periodic reviews by senior management to assess the overall progress of
         the digital and D2C strategy, evaluate channel mix performance and guide medium-term resource
         allocation and strategic direction.

The Company's D2C vertical is expected to operate under the direct supervision of senior management, supported
by defined internal controls, standard operating procedures and an appropriate governance framework to ensure
accountability, performance discipline and regulatory compliance in the deployment of Net Proceeds.

3. General Corporate Purpose

Our Company intends to deploy the balance Net Proceeds aggregating to Rs. [●] Lakhs for General Corporate
Purposes subject to such utilization not exceeding 15% of the amount being raised by the issuer or ₹ 10 crore
whichever is less, in compliance with the SEBI Regulations, including but not limited or restricted to, strategic
initiatives, strengthening our marketing network & capability, meeting exigencies, brand building exercises in order
to strengthen our operations, investments in accordance with the investment policy of our Company, meeting
exigencies, salaries and meeting expenses incurred by our Company in the ordinary course of business as may be
approved by the Board or a duly appointed committee from time to time, subject to compliance with the necessary
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, incurred by our Company in the ordinary course of business, as may be
applicable. Further, this portion of Net Proceeds may also be utilised to meet the shortfall in the Net Proceeds for
the Objects set out above.

In addition to the above, our Company may utilise the Net Proceeds towards other expenditure considered expedient
and as approved periodically by our Board, subject to compliance with necessary provisions of the Companies Act
and other applicable laws. The quantum of utilisation of funds towards each of the above purposes will be
determined by our Board, based on the amount actually available under this head and the business requirements of
our Company, from time to time.

4. Issue Related Expenses

The total estimated Issue Expenses are ₹[●] lakh, which is [●] % of the total Issue Size. The details of the Issue
Expenses are tabulated below:


                                                        112
 Expenses*                               Estimated expense*      As a % of the total       As a % of the total
                                         (₹ in lakhs)            estimated     Issue       Issue Size*
                                                                 expenses*
 Fees and commissions payable to         [●]                     [●]                       [●]
 the BRLM and Syndicate Member
 (including               underwriting
 commission, brokerage and selling
 and marketing commission)
 Commission/processing fee for           [●]                     [●]                       [●]
 SCSBs, Sponsor Bank(s) and
 Banker to the Offer and fee payable
 to the Sponsor Bank for Bids made
 by RIBs, Brokerage, selling
 commission and bidding charges
 for Member of the Syndicate
 including sub-syndicate members,
 Registered Brokers, CRTAs and
 CDP
 Fee      payable      to    auditors,   [●]                     [●]                       [●]
 consultants, market research firms,
 Legal Counsel and other parties to
 the Issue
 Fees to regulators, including Stock     [●]                     [●]                       [●]
 Exchange i.e. Listing fees,
 Exchange’s filing fees, upload fees,
 Exchange’s processing fees, book
 building software fees, fees payable
 to the Registrar to the Issue,
 postages, depository charges and
 other regulatory expenses
 Others:                                 [●]                      [●]                      [●]
 i. Printing and distribution of
 stationery;
 ii. Advertising and marketing           [●]                      [●]                      [●]
 expenses; and
 iii. Miscellaneous.**                   [●]                      [●]                      [●]

 Total estimated Issue expenses          [●]                       [●]                      [●]
*Amounts will be finalized at the time of filing the Prospectus and on determination of Issue Price and other
details.
**The estimated other expenses comprise costs to be incurred towards strategic advisors, industry experts, and
other intermediaries, if any, as well as professional fees payable to chartered accountants and company secretaries
engaged in connection with the Issue.
Notes:
Structure for commission and brokerage payment to the SCSBs Syndicate, RTAs, CDPs and SCSBs
1. ASBA applications procured directly from the applicant and Bided (excluding applications made using the UPI
Mechanism, and in case the Issue is made as per Phase I of UPI Circular) - Rs [●]/- per application on wherein
shares are allotted.
2. Syndicate ASBA application procured directly and bided by the Syndicate members (for the forms directly
procured by them) - Rs [●]/- per application on wherein shares are allotted
3. Processing fees / uploading fees on Syndicate ASBA application for SCSBs Bank - Rs [●]/- per application on
wherein shares are allotted
4. Sponsor Bank shall be payable processing fees on UPI application processed by them - Rs [●]/- per application
on wherein shares are allotted



                                                       113
5. No additional uploading/processing charges shall be payable to the SCSBs on the applications directly
procured by them.
6. The commissions and processing fees shall be payable within 30 Working days post the date of receipt of final
invoices of the respective intermediaries.
7. Amount Allotted is the product of the number of Equity Shares Allotted and the Issue Price.

APPRAISAL
None of the Objects have been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent third-party
organization. The funding requirements of our Company and the deployment of the proceeds of the Issue are
currently based on available quotations and management estimates. The funding requirements of our Company are
dependent on a number of factors which may not be in the control of our management, including but not limited to
variations in interest rate structures, changes in our financial condition and current commercial conditions of our
Business and are subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances or in our financial condition,
business or strategy.
SHORTFALL OF FUNDS
Any shortfall in meeting the fund requirements will be met by way of internal accruals and/or unsecured Loans.
BRIDGE FINANCING FACILITIES
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have not raised any bridge loans which are proposed to be
repaid from the Net Proceeds.
MONITORING UTILIZATION OF FUNDS
Our Company is not required to appoint a monitoring agency as per Regulation 262 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Our Audit Committee will monitor the utilization of the Gross Proceeds, and submit the report required under the
SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Pending utilization of the Net Proceeds for the purposes described above, our Company will deposit the Net
Proceeds only with scheduled commercial banks included in the Second Schedule of the Reserve Bank of India Act,
1934, as amended, as may be approved by our Board. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013,
our company confirms that it shall not use the Net Proceeds for buying, trading or otherwise dealing in shares of
any other listed company or for any investment in the equity markets or investing in any real estate product or real
estate linked products.
VARIATION IN OBJECTS
In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, our Company shall not vary the objects of the Issue
without our Company being authorized to do so by the Shareholders by way of a special resolution. In addition, the
notice issued to the Shareholders in relation to the passing of such special resolution shall specify the prescribed
details as required under the Companies Act and shall be published in accordance with the Companies Act and the
rules there under. As per the current provisions of the Companies Act, our Promoter or controlling Shareholders
would be required to provide an exit opportunity to such shareholders who do not agree to the proposal to vary the
objects, at such price, and in such manner, as may be prescribed by SEBI, in this regard.
OTHER CONFIRMATIONS
There are no material existing or anticipated transactions with our Promoter, our Directors and our Company’s key
Managerial personnel, in relation to the utilization of the Net Proceeds. No part of the Net Proceeds will be paid by
us as consideration to our Promoter, our directors or key managerial personnel except in the normal course of
business and in compliance with the applicable laws.


                         [The remainder of this page have been kept intentionally blank]




                                                        114
                                           BASIS FOR ISSUE PRICE
The Price Band and the Issue Price will be determined by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running
Lead Manager, on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares issued through the Book Building
Process and on the basis of quantitative and qualitative factors as described below. The face value of the Equity
Shares is ₹ 10 each and the Issue Price is [●] times the face value at the lower end of the Price Band and [●] times
the face value at the higher end of the Price Band. The Cap Price shall be minimum 105% of the Floor Price and
shall not exceed 120% of the Floor Price. Investors should read the following basis with the sections titled “Risk
Factors” and “Financial Information of the Company” and the chapter titled “Business Overview” beginning on
page nos. 26, 231 and 164 respectively, of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to get a more informed view before
making any investment decisions. The trading price of the Equity Shares of our Company could decline due to these
risk factors and you may lose all or part of your investments.

QUALITATIVE FACTORS

Some of the qualitative factors and our strengths which form the basis for the Issue Price are:

•     Experienced Promoters and Management Team
•     End to end execution capabilities
•     Long term Relationship with the Clients
•     Quality Assurance & Control

For further details regarding some of the qualitative factors, which form the basis for computing the Issue Price,
please refer chapter titled “Business Overview” beginning on page no. 164 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

QUANTITATIVE FACTORS

Our Company was incorporated on June 16, 2022. Therefore, the information presented below relating to the
Company is based on the restated financial statements of the Company for the Financial years ending March 31,
2026, 2025, and 2024 prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, the Companies Act and Restated in accordance
with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. Some of the quantitative factors, which form the basis for computing the price, are
as follows:

1.    Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (EPS) (Post Bonus):

    Period                                           Basic and Diluted EPS (In ₹)         Weights
    FY 2023-24                                       3.42                                 1
    FY 2024-25                                       16.54                                2
    FY 2025-26                                       12.05                                3
    Weighted Average                                 12.11

Notes:
(i) The figures disclosed above are based on the Restated Financial Statements of the Company.
(ii) The above statement should be read with the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statement” beginning on
      page no. 231 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
(iii) Basic Earnings per share = Net profit/(loss) after tax, as restated attributable to equity shareholders
      /Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year/period after considering Bonus Allotment.
(iv) Diluted Earnings per share = Net profit/(loss) after tax, as restated / Weighted average number of diluted
      equity shares outstanding during the year/period after considering Bonus Allotment.
(v) Weighted average = Aggregate of year-wise weighted EPS divided by the aggregate of weights i.e. [(EPS x
      Weight) for each fiscal/[Total of weights].




                                                        115
2.   Price/Earning (“P/E”) ratio in relation to Price Band of ₹ [●] to ₹ [●] per Equity Share and Issue Price
     of ₹ [●] of face value of ₹10 each

 Particulars                                          P/E ratio at Floor Price of ₹ [●]             P/E ratio at Cap Price ₹ [●]
                                                      (number of times)*                            (number of times)*
 Based on the Basic and Diluted EPS                   [●]                                           [●]
 (Post Bonus) as restated for period
 ending March 31, 2026
* The details shall be provided post the fixing of price band by our Company in consultation with BRLMs at the stage of the filing of price band
advertisement


3. Industry Peer Group P/E ratio
 Particulars                                                   P/E Ratio
 Highest                                                       106.03
 Lowest                                                        21.34
 Average                                                       63.69
Note:
1. The P/E Ratio has been computed based on the closing market price of equity shares on the BSE on May 11,
    2026 divided by the Diluted EPS as on March 31, 2026, where EPS is adjusted for all the corporate actions up
    to May 11, 2026.
2. Jeena Sikho Lifecare Limited has not filed its financial result for financial year ended March 31, 2026 with the
    stock exchanges as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and accordingly, EPS (Basic & Diluted)
    & P/E are based on financial year ended March 31, 2025.
3. The highest and lowest industry P/E has been considered from the industry peer structure provided later In
    this chapter. The industry average has been calculated as the arithmetic average P/E of the industry peer
    structure disclosed in this chapter. For further details, please refer chapter titled “Restated Financial
    Statement” beginning on page no. 231 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

4.   Return on Net Worth (RoNW):

 Period                                                          Return on Net Worth (%)                      Weights
 As on March 31, 2024                                            31.77%                                       1
 As on March 31, 2025                                            33.08%                                       2
 As on March 31, 2026                                            45.12%                                       3
 Weighted Average                                                38.88%

Note:
(i) The figures disclosed above are based on the restated financial statements of the Company.
(ii) The RoNW has been computed by dividing net profit/loss after tax (excluding exceptional income, if any) as
      restated, by Net Worth as at the end of the year/ period.
(iii) Net worth means the aggregate value of the paid-up share capital and all reserves created out of the profits
      and securities premium account and debit or credit balance of profit and loss account, after deducting the
      aggregate value of the accumulated losses, deferred expenditure and miscellaneous expenditure not written
      off, but does not include reserves created out of revaluation of assets, capital reserve, write-back of
      depreciation and amalgamation.
(iv) Weighted average = Aggregate of year-wise weighted RoNW divided by the aggregate of weights i.e. [(RoNW
      x Weight) for each fiscal] / [Total of weights].

5.   Net Asset Value (NAV) per Equity Share (Post Bonus):




                                                                     116
 Particulars                                                                                      NAV (in ₹)
 As on March 31, 2024                                                                             10.77
 As on March 31, 2025                                                                             50.01
 As on March 31, 2026                                                                             26.70
 After the completion of the Issue*
 - At the Floor Price                                                                             [●]^
 - At the Cap Price                                                                               [●]^
 Issue Price*                                                                                     [●]
*Issue Price per Equity Share will be determined on conclusion of the Book Building Process.
^ The details shall be provided post the fixing of price band by our Company in consultation with BRLMs at the stage of filin g of price band
advertisement.
Note:
(i) The figures disclosed above are based on the restated financial statements of the Company.
(ii) NAV per Equity Share will be calculated as net worth divided by weighted average number of equity shares
      outstanding at the end of the year.

6.   Comparison of Accounting Ratios with Peer Group Companies:

Following is the comparison with our peer group companies listed in India and in the same line of business as our
Company:
 Name of the Face           Revenue         EPS      EPS           P/E*       Return Net               Net
 company            value from              (Basic) (Diluted)                 on         Worth         Asset
                            Operations (₹)           (₹)                      Net        (₹ in         Value
                            (₹        in                                      Worth Lakhs)             Per
                            Lakhs)                                            (%)                      Equity
                                                                                                       Share
                                                                                                       (₹)
 Himalaya           10      4,306.75        12.05    12.05         [●]^^      45.12      1,637.61      26.70
 Nutravedics
 India Limited
 Listed Peers
 Jeena     Sikho 2          46,907.19       7.30     7.29          106.03     33.23      27,301.53 21.96
 Lifecare
 Limited^
 Sandu              10      6,993.45        1.83     1.83          21.34      5.03       3,510.75      36.34
 Pharmaceuticals
 Limited#
*The P/E Ratio has been computed based on the closing market price of equity shares on the BSE on May 11, 2026 divided by
the Diluted EPS as on March 31, 2026, where EPS is adjusted for all the corporate actions upto May 11, 2026.
#
  As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate dated
May 15, 2026.
^Jeena Sikho Lifecare Limited has not filed its financial result for financial year ended March 31, 2026 with the stock exchanges
as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and accordingly, Revenue from Operations, EPS (Basic & Diluted), P/E,
RoNW, Net Worth & NAV are based on financial year ended March 31, 2025.
^^To be updated upon finalization of the Price Band.

For further details, please refer to the section titled “Risk Factors”, and chapters titled “Business Overview ” and
“Restated Financial Statement” beginning on pages no. 26, 164 and 231 respectively of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus.

7.   Key Performance Indicators:

The table below sets forth the details of Key Performance Indicators that our Company considers to have a bearing
for arriving at the basis for Issue Price. The key financial indicators set forth below, have been approved and verified
by the Audit Committee pursuant to its resolution dated May 15, 2026.

The KPIs disclosed below have been used historically by our Company to understand and analyse the business
performance, which helps our Company in analyzing the growth of various verticals in comparison to our
Company’s listed peers, and other relevant and material KPIs of the business of our Company that have a bearing

                                                                    117
for arriving at the Basis for Issue Price which have been disclosed below. Additionally, the KPIs have been certified
vide certificate dated May 15, 2026 issued by M/s J Singh & Associates, Chartered Accountants, who hold a valid
certificate issued by the Peer Review Board of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Further, the
certificate issued by M/s J Singh & Associates, Chartered Accountants, has been included in “Material Contracts
and Documents for Inspection – Material Documents” on page no. 326.

The Bidders can refer to the below-mentioned KPIs, to make an assessment of our Company’s performances and
make an informed decision.

A list of our KPIs for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is set out
below:

 Particulars                                            March 31, 2026*          March 31, 2025*         March 31, 2024*
 Revenue from operations (Rs. in Lakhs)(1)                        4,306.75               2,099.65                1,442.56
 EBITDA (Rs. in Lakhs)(2)                                           810.34                 299.01                   93.54
 EBITDA margin (%)(3)                                                18.82                  14.24                    6.48
 PAT (Rs. in Lakhs)(4)                                              738.97                 223.18                   42.60
 Net Profit margin (%)(5)                                            17.16                  10.63                    2.95
 Net worth (Rs. in Lakhs)(6)                                      1,637.61                 674.75                  134.09
 Return on equity (%)(7)                                             63.87                  55.02                   37.29
 Return on capital employed (%)(8)                                   36.41                  30.18                   17.00
 Debt to equity ratio (times)(9)                                      0.31                   0.26                    2.39
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 15, 2026.
*Rounded off to the closest Decimal
Notes:
1. Revenue from operations represents the revenue from sale of product & other operating revenue of our company as
     recognized in the Restated financial statement.
2. EBITDA means Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, which has been arrived at by
     obtaining the profit before tax/ (loss) for the year / period and adding back interest cost, depreciation, and amortization
     expense less other income.
3. EBITDA margin is calculated as EBITDA as a percentage of Revenue from operations.
4. Net Profit for the year/period represents the restated profits of the Company after deducting all expenses.
5. PAT Margin (%) is calculated as Profit for the year/period as a percentage of Revenue from Operations.
6. Net worth means the aggregate value of the paid-up share capital and all reserves created out of the profits and securities
     premium account and debit or credit balance of profit and loss account, after deducting the aggregate value of the
     accumulated losses, deferred expenditure and miscellaneous expenditure not written off, but does not include reserves
     created out of revaluation of assets, capital reserve, write-back of depreciation and amalgamation.
7. Return on Equity is calculated as Net profit after tax divided by Average Total Equity.
8. Return on Capital Employed is calculated as Earnings before interest and taxes divided by capital employed as at the end
     of respective period/year. (Capital employed calculated as the aggregate value of net worth, total debt and deferred tax
     liabilities).
9. Debt- equity ratio is calculated by dividing total debt by total equity. Total debt represents long-term and short-term
     borrowings. Total equity is the sum of share capital and reserves & surplus.

Explanation for the Key Performance Indicators

 Sr.        Key        Performance          Description and Rationale
 No.        Indicator
 1          Revenue           from          Revenue from Operations is used by our management to track the revenue
            Operations                      profile of the business and in turn helps to assess the overall financial
                                            performance of our Company and volume of our business
 2          EBITDA                          EBITDA provides information regarding the operational efficiency of the
                                            business
 3          EBITDA Margin                   EBITDA Margin (%) is an indicator of the operational profitability and
                                            financial performance of our business
 4          Profit after tax for the        Profit after tax provides information regarding the overall profitability of
            period                          the business.
 5          PAT Margin (%)                  PAT Margin (%) is an indicator of the overall profitability and financial
                                            performance of our business


                                                             118
 Sr.       Key       Performance         Description and Rationale
 No.       Indicator
 6         Net worth                     Net worth is used by the management to ascertain the total value created
                                         by the entity and provides a snapshot of current financial position of the
                                         entity.
 7         Return     on    capital      ROCE provides how efficiently our Company generates earnings from
           employed                      the capital employed in the business.
 8         Return on equity              ROE provides how efficiently our Company generates profits from
                                         shareholders 'funds.
 9         Debt to equity ratio          Debt to equity ratio is a measurement of our Company's financial leverage
                                         and provides us information on our current capital structure and helps us
                                         in targeting an optimized capital structure.

The above KPIs of our Company have also been disclosed, along with other key financial and operating metrics, in
‘Business Overview’ and ‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations’ beginning on pages no. 164 and 236, respectively. All such KPIs have been defined consistently and
precisely in ‘Definitions and Abbreviations – Conventional or General Terms’ on page no. 2.

Set forth the description of historic use of the KPIs by our Company to analyse, track or monitor the
operational and/or financial performance of our Company.

For evaluation our business, we consider that the KPIs, as presented above, as additional measures to review and
assess our financial and operating performance. These KPIs have limitations as analytical tools and presentation of
these KPIs should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the Restated Financial Statement.

Further, these KPIs may differ from the similar information used by other companies, including peer companies,
and hence their comparability may be limited. Although these KPIs are not a measure of performance calculated in
accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that it provides an
additional tool for investors to use our operating results and trends and in comparing our financial results with other
companies in our industry as it provides consistency and comparability with past financial performance.

COMPARISON OF FINANCIAL KPIs OF OUR COMPANY AND OUR LISTED PEERS:

                                                                                                      (₹ in Lakhs)
 Particular       Himalaya Nutravedics                Jeena Sikho Lifecare             Sandu Pharmaceuticals
 s                    India Limited                         Limited#                         Limited#
                March March March                 March     March      March          March March March
                 31,       31,       31,           31,        31,        31,           31,      31,        31,
                2026*     2025*     2024*         2026*      2025*      2024*         2026*   2025*      2024*
                                                    ^
 Revenue        4,306.7    2,099.6     1,442.5    NA       46,907.1 32,440.8          6,993.4     6,719.2    6,728.0
 from           5          5           6                   9          9               5           4          7
 operations
 (Rs.     in
 Lakhs)
 EBITDA         810.34     299.01      93.54      NA         12,487.2     9,298.77    300.01      276.49     229.57
 (Rs.     in                                                 2
 Lakhs)
 EBITDA         18.82      14.24       6.48       NA         26.62        28.66       4.29        4.11       3.41
 margin
 (%)
 PAT (Rs.       738.97     223.18      42.60      NA         9,072.89     6,920.63    176.61      155.17     146.12
 in Lakhs)
 Net Profit     17.16      10.63       2.95       NA         19.34        21.33       2.53        2.31       2.17
 margin
 (%)
 Net worth      1,637.6    674.75      134.09     NA         27,301.5     19.224.7    3,510.7     3,345.1    3,188.8
 (Rs.     in    1                                            3            9           5           4          8
 Lakhs)


                                                         119
 Particular         Himalaya Nutravedics                    Jeena Sikho Lifecare               Sandu Pharmaceuticals
 s                      India Limited                             Limited#                           Limited#
                  March March March                     March     March      March            March March March
                   31,       31,       31,               31,        31,        31,             31,      31,      31,
                  2026*     2025*     2024*             2026*     2025*      2024*            2026*   2025*    2024*
                                                          ^
 Return on       36.41        30.18         17.00       NA       40.94      45.59             5.27         4.93       4.21
 capital
 employed
 (%)
 Return on       63.87        55.02         37.29       NA        39.00         43.52         4.21         3.76       3.66
 equity (%)
 Debt     to     0.31         0.26          2.39        NA        0.04          0.00          0.01         0.01       0.00
 equity
 ratio
 (times)
*Rounded off to the closest Decimal.
^Jeena Sikho Lifecare Limited has not filed its financial result for financial year ended March 31, 2026 with the stock exchanges
as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and accordingly, the relevant data for such period is not available.
#
  As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate dated
May 15, 2026.

7.    Weighted average cost of acquisition

A. The price per share of our Company based on the primary/ new issue of shares (equity / convertible
   securities)
   There has been issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities, including issuance of bonus shares, during
   the 18 months preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, where such issuance is equal to or more
   than 5% of the fully diluted paid-up share capital of the Company (calculated based on the pre-Issue capital
   before such transaction(s) and excluding employee stock options granted but not vested), in a single transaction
   or multiple transactions combined together over a span of 30 days.

 Sr.     Date of         No.     of    Face         Issue        Nature     of         Nature         of    Total
 No.     Allotment       Equity        Value        price        Consideration         Allotment            Consideration
                         shares        (Rs.)        (After                                                  (Rs. In Lakhs)
                         allotted                   Adjusting
                                                    for
                                                    Bonus)
                                                    (Rs.)
 1.      March 24,       31,70,000     10           6.67         Cash                  Right Issue          317.00
         2025
 2.      February        2,04,485     10            75.33        Cash                  Private             231.07
         05, 2026                                                                      Placement       /
                                                                                       Preferential
                                                                                       Allotment

B. The price per share of our Company based on the secondary sale / acquisition of shares (equity /
   convertible securities)

      There have been no secondary sale / acquisitions of Equity Shares or any convertible securities, where the
      Promoter, members of the Promoter Group, Selling Shareholders, or Shareholder(s) having the right to
      nominate director(s) on the board of directors of the Company are a party to the transaction (excluding gifts),
      during the 18 months preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, where either acquisition or sale
      is equal to or more than 5% of the fully diluted paid up share capital of the Company (calculated based on the
      pre-Issue capital before such transaction(s) and excluding employee stock options granted but not vested), in a
      single transaction or multiple transactions combined together over a span of rolling 30 days.

C. Price per share based on the last five primary or secondary transactions



                                                                120
    Since there is transaction to report under (a), therefore, information based on last 5 primary or secondary
    transactions (secondary transactions where Promoter/Promoter Group entities or Shareholder(s) having the
    right to nominate director(s) on the Board of our Company, are a party to the transaction), not older than three
    years prior to the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus irrespective of the size of transactions is not
    required.

Weighted average cost of acquisition, floor price and cap price

 Types of transactions                                        Weighted average       Floor Price*     Cap Price*
                                                              cost of acquisition    (i.e ₹ [●])      (i.e ₹ [●])
                                                              (₹ per Equity
                                                              Shares)
 (i) Weighted average cost of acquisition for last 18         10.83              [●]            [●]
 months for primary / new issue of shares (equity/
 convertible securities), excluding shares issued under
 ESOP 2018 and issuance of bonus shares, during the 18
 months preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring
 Prospectus, where such issuance is equal to or more than
 five per cent of the fully diluted paid-up share capital of
 our Company (calculated based on the pre-issue capital
 before such transaction/s and excluding employee stock
 options granted but not vested), in a single transaction or
 multiple transactions combined together over a span of
 rolling 30 days.
 (ii) Weighted average cost of acquisition for last 18 NA                       NA             NA
 months for secondary sale / acquisition of shares
 equity/convertible securities), where our Promoters or
 Promoter Group entities or Selling Shareholders or
 shareholder(s) having the right to nominate director(s) in
 our Board are a party to the transaction (excluding gifts),
 during the 18 months preceding the date of this Draft Red
 Herring Prospectus, where either acquisition or sale is
 equal to or more than five per cent of the fully diluted
 paid-up share capital of our Company (calculated based
 on the pre-issue capital before such transaction/s and
 excluding employee stock options granted but not
 vested), in a single transaction or multiple transactions
 combined together over a span of rolling 30 days.
 Since there is transaction to report to under (a), and NA                      NA             NA
 therefore, information based on last 5 primary or
 secondary transactions (secondary transactions where
 Promoter/Promoter Group entities or Shareholder(s)
 having the right to nominate director(s) on the Board of
 our Company, are a party to the transaction), not older
 than three years prior to the date of this Draft Red Herring
 Prospectus irrespective of the size of transactions is not
 required to be disclosed.
The above details related to WACA have been certified by M/s J Singh & Associates, Chartered Accountant with
FRN: 110266W pursuant to their certificate dated May 15, 2026.
*To be updated at Prospectus stage.

                           (The remainder of this page is intentionally kept left blank)



                                                        121
                                       STATEMENT OF TAX BENEFITS


To,
The Board of Directors,
Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited
Plot No. 101/A, Phase III IDA, Cherlapally ,
Hyderabad, Telangana, India, 500051

Dear Sir,

SUB: - Statement of Special tax benefits (“The Statement”) available to Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited
(“the company”), its shareholder prepared in accordance with the requirement in Point No. 9 (L) of Part A
of Schedule VI to the Securities Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2018.

Reference - Proposed Initial Public issue of Equity Shares of ₹ 10 Each (The “Equity Shares”) Of Himalaya
Nutravedics India Limited (The “Company”).

1.   We hereby confirm that the enclosed Annexure I, prepared by Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited ('the
     Company'), which provides the Special tax benefits under direct tax and indirect tax laws presently in force in
     India, including the Income-tax Act, 1961, the Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, the Integrated Goods
     and Services Tax Act, 2017, the Union Territory Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, respective State Goods
     and Services Tax Act, 2017, Customs Act, 1962 and the Customs Tariff Act, 1975 (collectively the “Taxation
     Laws”), the rules, regulations, circulars and notifications issued thereon, as applicable to the assessment year
     2026-27 and relevant to the financial year 2025-26, available to the Company and its shareholders. Several of
     these benefits are dependent on the Company or its shareholders fulfilling the conditions prescribed under the
     relevant provisions of the Taxation Laws. Therefore, the ability of the Company and or its shareholders to
     derive the tax benefits is dependent upon their fulfilling such conditions which, based on business imperatives
     the Company faces in the future, the Company or its shareholders may or may not choose to fulfil.

2.   This statement of possible special tax benefits is required as per Schedule VI (Part A)(9)(L) of the Securities
     and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 as amended
     (‘SEBI ICDR Regulations’). While the term ‘special tax benefits’ has not been defined under the SEBI ICDR
     Regulations, it is assumed that with respect to special tax benefits available to the Company, its shareholders
     and its Associate Company and the same would include those benefits as enumerated in the statement. The
     benefits discussed in the enclosed statement cover the possible special tax benefits available to the Company
     and its Shareholders and do not cover any general tax benefits available to them. Any benefits under the
     Taxation Laws other than those specified in the statement are considered to be general tax benefits and therefore
     not covered within the ambit of this statement. Further, any benefits available under any other laws within or
     outside India, except for those specifically mentioned in the statement, have not been examined and covered by
     this statement.
3.   The benefits discussed in the enclosed Annexure - I are not exhaustive and the preparation of the contents
     stated is the responsibility of the Company's management. We are informed that these Annexure is only
     intended to provide information to the investors and are neither designed nor intended to be a substitute for
     professional tax advice. In view of the individual nature of the tax consequences and the changing tax laws,
     each investor is advised to consult his or her own tax consultant with respect to the specific tax implications
     arising out of their participation in the proposed initial public offering.
4.   In respect of non-residents, the tax rates and the consequent taxation shall be further subject to any benefits
     available under the applicable Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement, if any, between India and the country
     in which the non-resident has fiscal domicile.
5.   We do not express any opinion or provide any assurance as to whether
       i. The Company or its shareholders will continue to obtain these benefits in future;
      ii. The conditions prescribed for availing the benefits have been / would be met with; and
     iii. The revenue authorities courts will concur with the views expressed herein.




                                                         122
6.   The Content of the enclosed Annexures are based on information, explanations and representations obtained
     from the company and on the basis of their understanding of the business activities and operations of the
     company.
7.   No assurance is given that the revenue authorities/ Courts will concur with the view expressed herein. Our
     views are based on existing provisions of law and its implementation, which are subject to change from time to
     time. We do not assume any responsibility to updates the views consequent to such changes.
8.   We shall not be liable to any claims, liabilities or expenses relating to this assignment except to the extent of
     fees relating to this assignment, as finally judicially determined to have resulted primarily from bad faith or
     intentional misconduct. We will not be liable to any other person in respect of this statement.
This certificate is provided solely for the purpose of assisting the addressee Company in discharging its
responsibility under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2018 for inclusion in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus/Red Herring Prospectus/Prospectus in
connection with the proposed issue of equity shares and is not be used, referred to or distributed for any other
purpose without our written consent.


For J Singh & Associates.
Chartered Accountants
FRN:- 110266W


Sd/-
Ritesh Tawry
Partner
Membership No.: 213326
UDIN: 26213326XKVOIZ3059
Date: 11-05-2026
Place: Hyderabad




                                                         123
                         ANNEXURE I TO THE STATEMENT OF TAX BENEFITS

The information provided below sets out the possible special tax benefits available to the Company, the Shareholders
and its Associate Company under the Taxation Laws presently in force in India. It is not exhaustive or
comprehensive and is not intended to be a substitute for professional advice. Investors are advised to consult their
own tax consultant with respect to the tax implications of an investment in the Equity Shares particularly in view of
the certain recently enacted legislation may not have a direct legal precedent or may have a different interpretation
on the benefits, which an investor can avail.

YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS CONCERNING THE INDIAN TAX
IMPLICATIONS AND CONSEQUENCES OF PURCHASING, OWNING AND DISPOSING OF EQUITY
SHARES IN YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION


A. SPECIAL TAX BENEFITS TO THE COMPANY:

 The Company is recognized as Start Up with the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT)
and hold a certificate from the Inter-Ministerial Board of Certification (IMB) and received a certificate from DPIIT
under section 80IAC of Income Tax Act, 1961 making it eligible to claim benefit of 100% tax exemption on profits
for eligible startups in India for any three consecutive assessment years within the first ten years of
incorporation. The company has claimed the benefit of 100% tax exemption in FY 2024-25 for the first time and it
is eligible to claim the benefit in FY 2025-26 and FY 2026-27.

To claim the benefit of section 80IAC deduction (Section 140 under Income Tax Act 2025) , the company needs to
file its return of income under old regime only. However as per the Income Tax Act 2025 which is effective from
FY 2026-27, Companies opting old regime has to pay MAT ( if applicable) @ 14% plus applicable surcharge plus
cess. MAT paid from 1 April 2026 is treated as a final tax with no ability to generate or utilise MAT credit in
subsequent years, rendering such tax a permanent cost and hence the company may not get the full benefit of section
80IAC eligibility (Section 140 under Income Tax Act 2025) for FY 2026-27.

B. SPECIAL TAX BENEFITS TO THE SHAREHOLDER:

The Shareholders of the Company are not entitled to any special tax benefits under the Taxation Laws.

Note:
    1.   All the above benefits are as per the current tax laws.

    2.   This certificate may be relied on by the company, the Lead Manager and the Legal Counsel to the Issue.
         We hereby consent to the extracts of this certificate being used in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus/ Red
         Herring Prospectus/ Prospectus of the company in connection with the Issue and/or in any other documents
         in connection with the Issue and/or for submission to the Registrar of Companies, Telangana, relevant
         Stock Exchanges and any other authority as may be required. We further consent to the extracts of this
         certificate being used for the records to be maintained by the Book Running Lead Manager in connection
         with the Issue and in accordance with applicable laws.

    3.   We undertake to inform you promptly, in writing of any changes, to the above information until the equity
         shares commence trading on the relevant stock exchanges, pursuant to the Issue. In the absence of any such
         communication from us, the above information should be considered as updated information until the
         equity shares commence trading on the stock exchanges, pursuant to the Issue.




                                                         124
                                       SECTION IV – ABOUT THE COMPANY

                                                INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
1. Economic Outlook

As per the IMF’s World Economic Outlook (WEO) published in January 2026, global growth is projected to remain
resilient at 3.3 percent in 2026 and at 3.2 percent in 2027.

Global headline inflation is expected to decline from an estimated 4.1 percent in 2025 to 3.8 percent in 2026 and
further to 3.4 percent in 2027. The inflation projections are also broadly unchanged from those in October and
envisage inflation returning to target more gradually in the United States than in other large economies.


                                             GDP Growth Percentage (%)
 5.0

 4.0                                                                                        4.7
                                                                                                   4.3   4.4
                                                                                                               4.2   4.1
 3.0         3.5
                   3.3   3.3   3.3     3.2
 2.0

                                                   1.7    1.8     1.7   1.8     1.7
 1.0

 0.0
                   Global Economy                        Advanced Economies               Emerging & Developing Economies

                                     CY 2023   CY 2024     CY 2025E           CY 2026F   CY2027F

Note: E = Estimates, F = Forecast
Source: IMF World Economic Outlook January 2026
Note: Advanced Economies and Emerging & Developing Economies are as per the classification of the World
Economic Outlook (WEO). This classification is not based on strict criteria, economic or otherwise, and it has
evolved over time. It comprises of 40 countries under the Advanced Economies including the G7 (the United States,
Japan, Germany, France, Italy, the United Kingdom, and Canada) and selected countries from the Euro Zone
(Germany, Italy, France etc.). The group of emerging market and developing economies (156) includes all those
that are not classified as Advanced Economies (India, China, Brazil, Malaysia etc.)

Growth in advanced economies is projected to be 1.8 percent in 2026 and 1.7 percent in 2027. In the United States,
the economy is projected to expand by 2.4 percent in 2026, supported by fiscal policy and a lower policy rate, while
the impact of higher trade barriers also gradually wanes. This 0.3 percentage point upward revision from the October
forecast reflects a stronger-than expected GDP outturn in the third quarter of 2025, a rebound in activity in the first
quarter of 2026 compared with that in the fourth quarter of 2025 following the end of the federal government
shutdown, and the associated carryover.

In emerging market and developing economies, growth is expected to continue to hover just above 4.0 percent in
2026 and 2027. Relative to the projection in October, growth in 2025 for China is revised upward by 0.2 percentage
point to 5.0 percent. The revision reflects stimulus measures and additional policy bank lending for investment.
Growth for 2026 is also revised upward by 0.3 percentage point to 4.5 percent, reflecting the lower US effective
tariff rates on Chinese goods due to the yearlong trade truce agreed to in November and stimulus measures that are
assumed to be implemented over two years. The economy’s growth rate is expected to decelerate to 4.0 percent in
2027 as structural headwinds assert themselves.

In India, growth is revised upward by 0.7 percentage point to 7.3 percent for 2025, reflecting the better-than expected
outturn in the third quarter of the year and strong momentum in the fourth quarter. Growth is projected to moderate
to 6.4 percent in 2026 and 2027 as cyclical and temporary factors wane.

In the Middle East and Central Asia, growth is projected to accelerate from 3.7 percent in 2025 to 3.9 percent in
2026 and to 4.0 percent in 2027, supported by higher oil output, resilient local demand, and ongoing reforms. Growth
is also expected to accelerate in sub-Saharan Africa, from 4.4 percent in 2025 to 4.6 percent in 2026 and 2027,

                                                            125
supported by macroeconomic stabilization and reform efforts in key economies. In Latin America and the
Caribbean, growth is projected to moderate to 2.2 percent in 2026 and bounce to 2.7 percent in 2027 as countries in
the region approach potential from different cyclical positions. In emerging and developing Europe, a sharp
slowdown in 2025 to a growth rate of 2.0 percent is expected to reverse, with economies in the region expanding at
an average rate of 2.3 percent in 2026 and 2.4 percent in 2027. In most regions, the rebound also reflects the fading
effect of shifting trade policies.

1.1 GDP Growth Across Major Regions

GDP growth across major global regions—including Europe, Latin America & the Caribbean, Middle East &
Central Asia, and Sub-Saharan Africa—continues to display varied trajectories. The global outlook presents a mixed
scenario, with emerging economies continuing to outperform advanced economies.


                                            GDP Growth Across Major Regions
                    7

                    6
                        6.1




   GDP Growth (%)
                    5            5.3
                                 5.4
                               5.0                                                                      3.6
                    4         4.8                                                                          4.1
                                                                                              3.7           4.4
                                            3.6                                                3.9            4.6
                    3                       3.5                                                4.0            4.6
                                                                 2.4
                    2                              2.0           2.4
                                                                 2.4                  2.2
                                                    2.3         2.22.7                  2.6
                                                     2.4
                    1

                    0
                          Emerging &             Emerging &      Latin America &        Middle East &     Sub-Saharan
                        Developing Asia    Developing Europe      Caribbean            Central Asia        Africa

                                          CY2023    CY2024     CY2025E    CY2026(F)      CY2027(F)

Note: E = Estimates, F = Forecast
Source: IMF World Economic Outlook January 2026 update

In Emerging and Developing Asia, growth is projected to moderate from 5.4% in CY 2025 to 5.0% in CY 2026 and
further projected at 4.8% during CY 2027. India’s expected growth in 2025 has been uplifted at 7.3% in CY 2025,
supported by resilient rural consumption and sustained infrastructure investments, up from 6.5% in CY2024. The
growth estimate for 2026 and 2027 is kept at 6.4%. In contrast, China’s growth is estimated at 5.0% in CY2025,
and to further decelerate at 4.5% in 2026 and 4.0% in 2027.

Sub-Saharan Africa is projected to grow at 4.4% in CY 2025, increased from 4.1% in CY 2024, with growth is
expected to accelerate further at 4.6% in CY 2026. This gradual improvement is being supported by better weather
conditions and more efficient supply chain operations.

In the Middle East and Central Asia, the economy is forecasted to expand from 3.7% in CY 2025 to 3.9% in CY
2026, and further at around 4.0% in CY 2027, driven by stabilization in oil production and ongoing economic
reforms.

For Latin America and the Caribbean, the economy is expected to slow from 2.4% in CY 2025, to 2.2% in CY2026,
but increase again at 2.7% in CY 2027 reflecting stable yet subdued economic momentum supported by stronger
macroeconomic management across key economies.

Emerging and Developing Europe remains subdued, with growth estimated at 2.0% in CY 2025, down from 3.5%
in CY 2024, expected to rise modestly to 2.3% in CY 2026 and further at 2.4% in 2027. However, the recent
Greenland issue and tariff imposition by the US President has posed fresh challenges for the region. The region
continues to face structural manufacturing challenges, particularly in major economies like Germany.

India and Top 4 Global Economies GDP Growth Forecast


                                                                 126
                               10    9.2


                               8                                             7.3
                                                     6.5                                     6.4            6.4




   GDP Growth Percentage (%)
                               6     5.4
                                                      5                      5.0
                                                                                             4.5
                                                                                                            4.0
                               4     3.5             3.3                     3.3             3.3            3.2
                                     2.9             2.8
                                                                                             2.4
                                                                             2.1                            2.0
                               2     1.4                                                                    1.5
                                                                             1.1             1.1
                                                                                             0.7            0.6
                                                     0.1                     0.2
                                    -0.3             -0.5
                               0
                                    CY 23                     CY            CY 25 (E)     CY 26 (P)       CY27 (P)
                                                     24
                               -2

                                     India   China          Germany            Japan    United States   World

Note: E = Estimates, P = Projections
Source: IMF World Economic Outlook January 2026 update

Overall, while global growth is expected to remain steady at 3.3% in CY 2025~CY2026 and at 3.2% in CY2027,
regional disparities persist, influenced by a combination of domestic challenges, external geopolitical tensions, and
fluctuating commodity prices.

2. India’s Macroeconomic Scenerio

2.1 Gross Domestic Product (GDP)

According to the latest Second Advance Estimates by MOSPI, GOI (27 Feb26), after replacing old base year
2011-12 by the new base year 2022–23, real GDP has been estimated to grow by 7.6% in FY 2025-26. Nominal
GDP has witnessed a growth of 8.6%. These growth rates are revised upward from their respective First Advance
Estimates computed using previous Base Year (2011-12).

India’s Economic Growth Momentum Remains Strong - Surpassed USD 4 Trillion.


In June 2025, India became the fourth-largest economy in the world and retained its position as the fastest-growing
major economy. The country is projected to become the world’s third largest economy by 2030, with an estimated
GDP of USD 7.3 trillion.

Source: PIB, Press Release - India Becoming an Economic Powerhouse posted on June 16, 2025

India achieved a significant milestone by overtaking Japan to become the third most powerful nation in the Asia-
Pacific region, as per the Asia Power Index 2024. India's overall score rose to 39.1, reflecting a 2.8-point increase
from the previous year, driven by growing influence across economic, military, and diplomatic dimensions.
Source: PIB, Press Release - India becomes 3rd Most Powerful Nation in Asia, Surpasses Japan in Asia Power
Index posted on September 24, 2024.

Key factors behind India’s rise include its strong economic performance, expanding and youthful workforce, and
increasing strategic engagement across the region. India’s Economic Capability improved significantly, supported
by its position as the world’s third-largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP). Additionally, a
notable increase in its Future Resources score highlights the demographic advantage that is expected to sustain its
growth trajectory in the coming years.



                                                                      127
2.2 Gross Value Added (GVA)

According to the Second Advance Estimate of GDP for 2025-26 by MOSPI, Govt. of India (GoI), Real GVA is
estimated at INR 294.40 lakh crore in the year 2025-26, against INR 273.36 lakh crore in FY 2024-25, registering
a growth rate of 7.7% as compared to 7.3% growth rate in 2024-25. Nominal GVA is estimated to attain a level of
INR 313.61 lakh crore during FY 2025-26, against INR 288.54 lakh crore in 2024-25, showing a growth rate of
8.7%. (MOSPI, Press Release, 27 February 2026)

 Major Highlights:
 • Real GDP has been estimated to grow by 7.6% in FY 2025-26. Nominal GDP has witnessed a growth of
     8.6%. These growth rates are revised upward from their respective First Advance Estimates computed
     using previous Base Year (2011-12).
 • Overall Economic performance in FY 2025-26 is primarily on account of robust Real growth observed in
     Second Quarter (8.4%) and Third Quarter (7.8%).
 • The Economy has exhibited sustained performance, recording Real GDP growth rates of 7.2% and 7.1%
     respectively during FY 2023–24 and FY 2024–25.
 • Nominal GDP has registered 11.0% and 9.7% growth rates during FY 2023–24 and FY 2024–25
     respectively.
 • Manufacturing sector has been the major driver in contributing to the resilient performance of the economy
     in consecutive 3 financial years after rebasing. This sector has attained double digit growth rates in FY
     2023-24 and FY 2025-26.
 • Secondary and Tertiary sectors have boosted the performance of the economy by registering above 9.0%
     growth rate in FY 2025-26.
 • ‘Trade, Repair, Hotels, Transport, Communication & Services related to Broadcasting, Storage’ sector has
     attained a growth rate of 10.1% at Constant Prices in FY 2025-26.
 • On the Consumption side, both the Private Final Consumption Expenditure (PFCE) and Gross Fixed
     Capital Formation (GFCF) have exhibited more than 7.0% growth rate in FY 2025-26.
Source: MOSPI, Press Release, 27 February 2026, Govt. of India (GoI).


2.3 India Per Capita GDP Forecast

Per capita GDP growth for India is estimated at 9.19 % CAGR between CY2025-CY2030. Increased individual
incomes are expected to create additional discretionary spending, which may be beneficial for the sector.


                                            GDP Per Capita, Current Prices
                        10
                        9                                                                               9.19
                        8           8.05




   USD (In Thousands)
                        7
                        6                                      6.275                 6.273

                        5                                                                         4.5
                        4
                                                        2.71                  2.88
                        3    2.55
                        2
                        1
                        0
                             CY 23                     CY 24                CY 25 (E)           CY 30 (P)

                                           GDP per capita, current prices    Growth Rate (%)

Note: E = Estimated, P = Projected
Source: IMF Data Mapper, World Economic Outlook April 2025, India, GDP Per Capita

2.4 Disposable Income and Consumer Spending


                                                                  128
              Trend of Per Capita GNDI and Per Capita PFCE (Current
                                     Price)
 3,00,000

 2,50,000


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2,38,270
 2,00,000

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2,19,312
                                                                                                                                                                                                     1,97,697
                                                                                                                                                                               1,74,816
 1,50,000


                                                                                                                 1,44,620             1,52,504            1,48,408                                                                                           1,44,165
                                                                                             1,31,743                                                                                                                                  1,29,967
 1,00,000

                                                                        1,20,052                                                                                                                                1,19,516
             91,843            1,00,439             1,09,315                                                                                     91,315              89,641               1,05,092
                      51,764              57,201               63,339              70,258               76,379              84,441
   50,000

        0
              FY14              FY15                 FY16                FY17                 FY18                FY19                 FY20                FY21                 FY22 FY23 (FE) FY24 FY25 (PE)
                                                                                                                                                                                               (FRE)

                                                   Per Capita Gross National Disposable Income                                                                       Per Capita PFCE

Note: Data mentioned is in INR, FE – Final Estimates, FRE – First Revised Estimates, PE – Provisional Estimate
Source: PIB, Provisional estimates of GDP 2024-25 released on May 30th, 2025
Gross National Disposable Income (GNDI) represents the total income available to a nation’s residents for
consumption and saving after accounting for income transfers with the rest of the world. In FY24, Per capita GNDI
grew by 10.9%, followed by a moderate growth of 8.6% in FY25. This steady increase indicates that households
and businesses had more income at their disposal, which is critical for supporting both consumption and savings—
key components of economic resilience and expansion.

The rise in income levels has translated into increased consumer spending, as seen in the growth of Private Final
Consumption Expenditure (PFCE), which grew by 8.7% in FY24 and further accelerated to 10.9% in FY25. Strong
consumption demand typically drives higher retail lending (such as personal loans, home loans, and auto loans),
thereby supporting credit growth for banks.

Simultaneously, higher disposable income improves household savings, leading to greater deposit inflows into the
banking system. This strengthens banks’ liability base (CASA deposits), improves liquidity, and enables further
credit expansion. Additionally, rising income levels generally enhance borrowers’ repayment capacity, contributing
to better asset quality and lower NPAs.

Overall, the upward trend in disposable income and consumption not only reflects economic resilience but also acts
as a key structural driver for deposit growth, retail credit expansion, and overall profitability in the banking sector.

2.5 Household Financial Savings

 Year                                              FY2020-21                                FY2021-22                                FY2022-23                                FY2023-24                                    FY2024-25*
 Gross          household
 financial savings (as per                         15.4%                                    11.1%                                    10.9%                                    11.4%                                        10.8%
 cent of GDP)
* Preliminary estimates as per RBI Bulletin, August 2025, Occasional Series Table 50(a)
Source: MoSPI and RBI

Household financial savings in India have moderated significantly over the past five years, declining from 15.4%
of GDP in FY2020-21 to 10.8% in FY2024-25 (P). The elevated levels in FY2020-21 were largely driven by
precautionary savings during the pandemic; however, with normalization of economic activity, savings have
stabilized at lower levels. This moderation has important implications for the banking sector, as household savings
constitute the primary source of bank deposits, particularly low-cost CASA deposits. A sustained decline in savings
may lead to slower deposit growth, increased competition for retail deposits, and upward pressure on deposit rates,
thereby impacting banks’ cost of funds and Net Interest Margins (NIMs). Additionally, lower savings may gradually

                                                                                                                 129
reduce the share of stable, granular deposits, prompting banks to rely more on term deposits or wholesale funding,
which could affect overall balance sheet efficiency.

2.6 Household Financial Liabilities

                                                FY2020-        FY2021-       FY2022-     FY2023-       FY2024-
 Year
                                                21             22            23          24            25*
 Household financial liabilities (INR lakh
                                                7.4            9.0           16.0        18.8          15.7
 crore)
 Household financial liabilities (as per cent
                                                3.7%           3.8%          5.9%        6.2%          4.7%
 of GDP)
* Preliminary estimates as per RBI Bulletin, August 2025, Occasional Series Table 50(a)
Source: MoSPI and RBI

In contrast, household financial liabilities have shown a rising trend, reflecting increased credit uptake by
households. The liabilities-to-GDP ratio has increased from 3.7% in FY2020-21 to higher levels in subsequent years,
peaking around ~6.2% in FY2023-24 before moderating to ~4.7% in FY2024-25 (P). This trend supports robust
growth in retail lending segments such as housing, personal loans, and consumer credit, thereby driving banks’
asset-side expansion and interest income. However, the divergence between rising credit demand and relatively
slower deposit growth may lead to higher credit-deposit ratios and tighter liquidity conditions. Further, increasing
household leverage, particularly in unsecured segments, may pose asset quality risks under stressed conditions,
although current macroeconomic indicators remain supportive.

2.7 Overview on Key Demographic Parameters

2.7.1 Population growth


                                         Trend of India Population
 1.6

 1.4                                                                                   1.45             1.47

 1.2                                                                  1.31

                                                  1.14
   1
                               0.94
 0.8
             0.75
 0.6

 0.4

 0.2

   0
             1984              1994               2004                2014             2024             2025

                                                  Population (In Billion)

Source: World Bank Database, Infomerics Analytics & Research

India’s economic trajectory is closely linked to its demographic expansion, with the population increasing from
approximately 0.75 billion in 1984 to 1.45 billion in 2024, and further to around 1.47 billion in 2025, making it the
world’s most populous nation. This growth supports a large labour force and rising consumption demand,
strengthening long-term economic potential.


                                                         130
For the banking sector, this translates into a structural expansion in customer base, driving higher financial inclusion,
account penetration, and deposit mobilization. At the same time, a growing and increasingly aspirational population
fuels demand for retail credit, including housing, personal, and consumption loans, supporting loan book growth.
Overall, population growth acts as a long-term growth driver for banks, supporting both deposit accretion and credit
expansion, while also creating opportunities for cross-selling financial products.

2.8 Union Budget FY26-27 Highlights

The Union Budget FY 2026–27, presented by Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, introduces a comprehensive
set of measures aimed at stimulating economic growth, enhancing infrastructure, and fostering inclusive
development. With a focus on sectors such as agriculture, MSMEs, infrastructure, innovation, and exports, the
budget seeks to create a conducive environment for sustained economic expansion.

•   Capital Expenditure and Infrastructure Development
    In FY2026-27, the Union Budget has increased the public capex towards to INR 12.2 lakh crore from the
    previous INR 11.21 lakh crore (3.1% of GDP) which was earmarked in FY 2025–26. To strengthen the
    confidence of private developers regarding risks during infrastructure development and construction phase, the
    budget proposed to set up an Infrastructure Risk Guarantee Fund to provide prudently calibrated partial credit
    guarantees to lenders.

•   Support for MSMEs
    Recognizing the pivotal role of Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) in India's economic landscape,
    the budget introduced a three-pronged approach to support the sector. The budget introduced a dedicated INR
    10,000 crore SME Growth Fund as well as proposed to top up the Self-Reliant India Fund set up in 2021, with
    INR 2,000 crore to continue support to micro enterprises and maintain their access to risk capital. With TReDS,
    more than INR 7 lakh crore has been made available to MSMEs. To leverage its full potential, the budget further
    proposed four measures: (i) mandate TReDS as the transaction settlement platform for all purchases from
    MSMEs by CPSEs, serving as a benchmark for other corporates; (ii) introduce a credit guarantee support
    mechanism through CGTMSE for invoice discounting on TReDS platform; (iii) link GeM with TReDS for
    sharing information with financiers about government purchases from MSMEs, encouraging cheaper and
    quicker financing; (iv) introduce TReDS receivables as asset-backed securities, helping develop a secondary
    market, enhancing liquidity and settlement of transactions. Moreover, Government will facilitate Professional
    Institutions such as ICAI, ICSI, ICMAI to design short-term, modular courses and practical tools to develop a
    cadre of ‘Corporate Mitras’, especially in Tier-II and Tier-III towns, which will help MSMEs meet compliance
    requirements at affordable costs.

•   Establishment of dedicated Rare Earth Corridors
    A Scheme for Rare Earth Permanent Magnets was launched in November 2025. In line with that, the budget
    proposed to support the mineral-rich States of Odisha, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu to establish
    dedicated Rare Earth Corridors to promote mining, processing, research and manufacturing.

•   Integrated Programme for the Textile Sector
    The following Schemes have been announced:
    (a) The National Fibre Scheme for self-reliance in natural fibres such as silk, wool and jute, man-made fibres,
        and new-age fibres.
    (b) Textile Expansion and Employment Scheme to modernise traditional clusters with capital support for
        machinery, technology upgradation and common testing and certification centres.
    (c) A National Handloom and Handicraft programme to integrate and strengthen existing schemes and ensure
        targeted support for weavers and artisans.
    (d) Tex-Eco Initiative to promote globally competitive and sustainable textiles and apparels.
    (e) Samarth 2.0 to modernize and upgrade the textile skilling ecosystem through collaboration with industry
        and academic institutions.

•   Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage (CCUS)
    Aligning with the roadmap launched in December 2025, CCUS technologies at scale will achieve higher
    readiness levels in end-use applications across five industrial sectors, including, power, steel, cement, refineries
    and chemicals. An outlay of INR 20,000 crore is proposed over the next 5 years.


                                                          131
•   Municipal Bonds
    To encourage the issuance of municipal bonds of higher value by large cities, the budget proposed an incentive
    of INR 100 crore for a single bond issuance 10 of more than INR 1000 crore. The current scheme under AMRUT
    which incentivises issuances up to INR 200 crore, will also continue to support smaller and medium towns.

•   Ease of Doing Business
    Individual Persons Resident Outside India (PROI) will be permitted to invest in equity instruments of listed
    Indian companies through the Portfolio Investment Scheme. It is also proposed to increase the investment limit
    for an individual PROI under this scheme from 5% to 10%, with an overall investment limit for all individual
    PROIs to 24%, from the current 10%.

•   Hubs for Medical Value Tourism
    To promote India as a hub for medical tourism services, the budget proposed to launch a Scheme to support
    States in establishing five Regional Medical Hubs, in partnership with the private sector. These Hubs will serve
    as integrated healthcare complexes that combine medical, educational and research facilities. They will have
    AYUSH Centres, Medical Value Tourism Facilitation Centres and infrastructure for diagnostics, post-care and
    rehabilitation. These Hubs will provide diverse job opportunities for health professionals including doctors and
    AHPs.

•   Agriculture Related Schemes
    To diversify farm outputs, increase productivity, enhance farmers’ incomes, and create new employment
    opportunities, the budget announced support schemes related to high value crops such as coconut, sandalwood,
    cocoa and cashew in coastal areas. Agar trees in Northeast and nuts such as, almonds, walnuts and pine nuts in
    hilly regions will also be supported. India is the world’s largest producer of coconuts.
    About 30 million people, including nearly 10 million farmers, depend on coconuts for their livelihood. To
    further enhance competitiveness in coconut production, the Budget proposed a Coconut Promotion Scheme to
    increase production and enhance productivity through various interventions including replacing old and non-
    productive trees with new saplings/plants/varieties in major coconut growing States. A dedicated programme
    is proposed for Indian cashew and cocoa to make India self-reliant in raw cashew and cocoa production and
    processing, enhance export competitiveness and transform Indian Cashew and Indian Cocoa into premium
    global brands by 2030.
    Further, the Central Government will partner with State Governments to promote focused cultivation and post-
    harvest processing to restore the glory of the Indian Sandalwood ecosystem. To rejuvenate old, low-yielding
    orchards and expand high-density cultivation of walnuts, almonds and pine nuts, the budget announced to
    support a dedicated programme to enhance farmer incomes and in bringing value addition by engaging youth.

The Union Budget FY 2026–27 presents a balanced approach to economic growth by addressing immediate
consumption needs and laying the foundation for long-term sustainability. Through targeted investments in
infrastructure, support for MSMEs, and sector-specific initiatives, the budget aims to foster an inclusive and resilient
economy. These measures are expected to create new opportunities for financial institutions, as the growing demand
for investment products will provide avenues for expansion and innovation in the financial services sector.

2.9 Concluding Remarks

The major headwinds to global economic growth remain significant, with escalating geopolitical tensions involving
the United States, Israel, and Iran, volatile global commodity prices, disruptions in global trade flows, inflationary
pressures, and tightening financial conditions. These geopolitical developments have adversely impacted global
supply chains, leading to a decline in import and export activity, particularly across energy-dependent regions. These
disruptions have triggered a sharp rise in energy prices, with crude oil prices increasing by approximately 27%
between late February and early March 2026, alongside a surge in freight costs, bunker fuel prices, and insurance
premiums. The increase in energy and transportation costs has had a cascading effect on global inflation, particularly
food prices, as higher fuel and fertilizer costs elevate agricultural production and distribution expenses. Despite
these challenges, the global economy remains relatively resilient, with growth projected at 3.3% in 2026 and
inflation expected to moderate to 3.8%, as per the International Monetary Fund.

India’s economy remains relatively well-positioned amid these global uncertainties, supported by strong
macroeconomic fundamentals. As per the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation, India’s GDP is
estimated to grow at 7.6% in FY 2025–26, maintaining its status as one of the fastest-growing major economies
globally. Inflation, as measured by the Consumer Price Index (CPI), remains contained at 2.75% in January 2026


                                                          132
under the revised base year, although rising global oil prices and supply disruptions may pose upside risks going
forward. Key growth drivers for the Indian economy include strong domestic demand, rising disposable incomes,
and continued government focus on infrastructure development and policy support.

Public investment is expected to play a crucial role in sustaining economic momentum, with the Union Budget FY
2026–27 increasing capital expenditure to INR 12.21 lakh crore from INR 11.21 lakh crore in the previous year.
The proposed Infrastructure Risk Guarantee Fund is aimed at enhancing private sector participation by mitigating
risks associated with infrastructure development. These measures are likely to crowd in private investment,
strengthen infrastructure capacity, and support long-term economic growth.

Overall, while global headwinds such as geopolitical tensions, trade disruptions, and rising energy and food prices
present near-term challenges, India’s strong domestic growth drivers, proactive policy measures, and continued
focus on investment-led growth are expected to support economic resilience. Strengthening supply chains,
maintaining inflation stability, and sustaining infrastructure investments will be critical for navigating external
uncertainties and ensuring stable long-term growth.

3. Industry Overview

The Ayurvedic Formulations and Nutraceuticals Industry is a specialised segment within India’s pharmaceutical
and wellness ecosystem, covering the manufacture of Ayurvedic, herbal, and dietary supplements under NIC
divisions for pharmaceuticals, AYUSH products, and food preparations. It focuses on developing and
commercialising condition-oriented formulations combining botanicals, minerals, vitamins, amino acids, fatty acids,
and probiotics, delivered in tablets, capsules, softgels, syrups, powders, oils, and medicated ghee.

The product range includes classical Ayurvedic preparations (ghritas, tailas, guggulus, churna-based formulations)
and modern nutraceutical combinations for fertility, bone and joint health, metabolic and cardiovascular support,
renal and urinary health, neurocognitive development, maternal nutrition, and general wellness. These products are
primarily positioned for prescription-adjacent use by medical practitioners, AYUSH doctors, and nutritionists, as
well as OTC consumption under professional guidance, distinguishing them from mass-market wellness
supplements that are largely driven by discretionary consumer spending, branding, and lifestyle trends.

Demand in the practitioner-led nutraceutical and Ayurvedic segment is relatively less price-elastic and more
condition-linked, influenced by clinical relevance, formulation credibility, and practitioner confidence rather than
promotional intensity. Institutional prescriptions, repeat usage for chronic conditions, and long-duration treatment
protocols contribute to steadier demand patterns compared to mass-market wellness products, which are more
sensitive to consumer sentiment and seasonal health trends.

Ayurvedic and nutraceutical products support preventive care, chronic disease co-management, and post-treatment
recovery, complementing allopathic therapies in areas such as osteoporosis, arthritis, infertility, anemia, renal
calculi, lifestyle-related metabolic disorders, and pediatric development. Industry trends include condition-specific
formulations, clinical validation, and the integration of evidence-backed actives such as CoQ10, omega-3 fatty acids,
probiotics, and standardized herbal extracts with traditional Ayurvedic principles.

Manufacturing increasingly relies on WHO-GMP / WHO-cGMP facilities, ISO 9001:2015 systems, and Schedule
M–aligned processes to ensure product safety, consistency, and regulatory compliance. Standardised raw materials,
in-process controls, stability testing, and validated packaging support shelf-life, bioavailability, and market
readiness, enabling domestic licensing as well as export opportunities.

As healthcare shifts toward holistic wellness and long-term management of lifestyle diseases, the industry plays a
central role in national health programmes, institutional medical practice, and practitioner-guided self-care.
Scalable, evidence-aligned, and compliant products reinforce India’s position as a global hub for traditional
medicine-based wellness solutions, while addressing domestic demand for preventive and adjunct healthcare
interventions.

Market segmentation for Ayurvedic and Nutraceuticals Industry

The Ayurvedic and Nutraceuticals Industry in India covers classical AYUSH formulations, herbal products, and
condition-specific dietary supplements. Serving preventive, chronic, and wellness needs, the sector caters to
prescription-linked patients, lifestyle consumers, and institutional clients through multiple dosage forms, channels,



                                                        133
and geographies. The following table outlines key market segments across products, end-users, channels, and
therapy applications.

By Product Type:

 Category               Sub-Category / Segment             Description / Insights
 Ayurvedic Classical    Ghritas, Tailas, Guggulu,          Traditional poly-herbal preparations codified in
 Formulations           Asava–Arishta, Churna, Vati        classical texts, used by AYUSH practitioners for
                                                           chronic, systemic, and rasayana therapies; typically,
                                                           prescription-led and sold through Ayurvedic
                                                           pharmacies.
 Modern                 Condition-Specific                 Evidence-oriented combinations of botanicals,
 Nutraceuticals         Supplements (Fertility, Bone &     vitamins, minerals, amino acids, fatty acids, and
                        Joint,      Cardio-Metabolic,      probiotics positioned as adjuncts or preventive care;
                        Renal, Neurocognitive)             marketed via doctors, dietitians, and pharmacies.
 General Wellness &     Multivitamins,         Protein     Mass-market products for energy, immunity,
 Daily Nutrition        Supplements,         Immunity      convalescence, and lifestyle support, catering to
                        Boosters                           OTC, retail, and e-commerce channels; often flavor-
                                                           and format-innovated (powders, effervescents,
                                                           gummies).
 Specialty    Herbal    Ashwagandha,     Curcumin,         High-purity, standardized actives targeting specific
 Extracts & Single-     Omega-3,         Probiotics,       benefits (stress, inflammation, gut health, skin,
 Ingredient Products    Collagen,  Plant    Extract        cognition); strong traction in premium urban and
                        Capsules                           export markets.
 Pediatric          &   Pediatric Syrups, DHA &            Age-tailored nutraceuticals addressing growth,
 Geriatric Nutrition    Cognitive Support, Senior          learning, immunity, sarcopenia, and bone health,
                        Nutrition Formulas                 often recommended by pediatricians and
                                                           geriatric/orthopedic specialists.
 Topical & External     Medicated    Oils,    Balms,       Ayurvedic tailas, liniments, and herbal skin/hair
 Applications           Ointments, Cosmeceuticals          products for pain relief, dermatoses, and cosmetic
                                                           wellness; bridge between personal care and
                                                           therapeutic categories.


By End-User / Consumer Segment:

 Category           Sub-Category / Segment               Description / Insights
 Prescription-      Specialist-Prescribed    Adjuncts    Patients receiving Ayurvedic or allopathic care and
 Linked Patients    (Gynecology,          Orthopedics,   prescribed nutraceuticals for infertility, osteoporosis,
                    Nephrology,           Diabetology,   renal calculi, neuropathy, anemia, growth, and
                    Pediatrics)                          cognition; high adherence when routed through
                                                         hospitals and clinics.
 AYUSH              Ayurvedic OPD/IPD        Patients,   Consumers opting for classical formulations under
 Therapy            Panchakarma Clients                  Vaidya supervision for chronic, lifestyle, and
 Seekers                                                 autoimmune conditions; strong presence in South and
                                                         West India AYUSH institutions.
 Preventive    &    Urban Wellness, Fitness         &    Health-aware individuals using supplements for
 Lifestyle          Corporate Health Users               immunity,     cardio-metabolic     health,     weight
 Consumers                                               management, stress, and sleep; significant online and
                                                         modern-trade contribution.




                                                     134
 Maternal     &        Pregnant/Lactating     Women,          Users of iron-folate, calcium, protein, DHA, and
 Child    Health       Children & Adolescents                 growth-support products as part of obstetric and
 Segment                                                      pediatric care protocols; often driven by
                                                              doctor/nutritionist recommendation.
 Elderly      &        Seniors with Bone, Joint, Cardio-      Regular consumers of joint-health, cardiac, neuro-
 Chronic Disease       Metabolic & Cognitive Needs            support, and multivitamin formulations aimed at
 Cohort                                                       maintaining quality of life and reducing morbidity.


By Channel & Customer Type

 Category                Sub-Category / Segment          Description / Insights
 Doctor-Led        &     Prescription-adjacent           Dominant channel for condition-specific nutraceuticals and
 Pharmacy                sales via clinics, hospitals,   classical Ayurvedic medicines; supported by medical
 Channel                 retail pharmacies               representative engagement and clinician education.
                                                         Prescription-linked recommendations are associated with
                                                         higher adherence, therapy continuity, and repeat
                                                         consumption compared to consumer-initiated OTC
                                                         purchases.
 AYUSH Clinics &         Government & private            Primary outlet for classical ghritas, tailas, and guggulu
 Hospitals               Ayurvedic        centres,       formulations; consumption is guided by AYUSH
                         Panchakarma clinics             practitioner protocols, defined treatment durations, and
                                                         follow-up consultations, contributing to relatively stable and
                                                         repeat demand patterns for core Ayurvedic SKUs.
 Modern Trade &          Supermarkets, wellness          Fast-growing route for OTC nutraceuticals, single-
 E-Commerce              chains,           online        ingredient botanicals, protein powders, and lifestyle
                         marketplaces, D2C               supplements. Demand is largely consumer-initiated and
                                                         supported by brand-led, digital, and influencer marketing,
                                                         and typically exhibits higher trial-led purchases and product
                                                         switching relative to clinician-guided channels.

 Institutional &         Corporate        hospitals,     Bulk and protocol-driven demand for specific SKUs
 B2B Customers           fertility & IVF centres,        (fertility, bone health, renal, anaemia) and customised packs;
                         orthopedic & dialysis           characterised by defined usage protocols, repeat
                         chains, corporate wellness      procurement cycles, and stringent quality, documentation,
                         programs                        and pricing requirements.

 Contract                Domestic & export brand         Ayurvedic and nutraceutical manufacturing on OEM/white-
 Manufacturing &         owners, retail chains           label basis, leveraging WHO-GMP/ISO facilities; supports
 Private Label                                           capacity utilisation, diversifies customer exposure, and
                                                         provides long-term volume visibility for mid-sized
                                                         manufacturing platforms.


By Geography

 Category                Sub-Category / Segment                     Description / Insights
 Metropolitan      &     NCR, Mumbai–Pune, Bengaluru,               High penetration of specialty nutraceuticals,
 Tier-1 Cities           Hyderabad, Chennai, Kolkata                premium Ayurveda, and e-commerce-driven
                                                                    wellness products; strong presence of corporate
                                                                    hospitals and organized retail.
 Tier-2 / Tier-3 &       District HQs and growing towns             Expanding       consumption       of   doctor-led
 Semi-Urban              across South, West & North India           nutraceuticals and classical Ayurvedic products
 Markets                                                            through local pharmacies and AYUSH
                                                                    practitioners, aided by rising incomes and health
                                                                    awareness.



                                                           135
 Rural & Small-                    Village Pharmacies,     Government       Demand centered on low-cost Ayurvedic
 Town India                        Health      Systems,     Traditional     formulations, iron–calcium supplements, and
                                   Practitioners                            immunity products, often supplied via
                                                                            government programmes and local chemists.
 Export Markets                    South Asia, Middle East, Africa,         Growing opportunity for herbal extracts,
                                   Developed NRI-Focused Channels           standardized nutraceuticals, and classical
                                                                            formulations from WHO-GMP/ISO plants,
                                                                            subject to FSSAI/AYUSH and importing-country
                                                                            regulations.


The nutraceuticals and Ayurvedic industry forms an important segment of the broader healthcare and wellness
ecosystem, encompassing dietary supplements, functional foods, herbal formulations, and traditional medicinal
products positioned across preventive, adjunct, and wellness-oriented care. The industry draws on a combination of
modern nutritional science and established traditional medicine systems, particularly Ayurveda, to address long-
term health maintenance, lifestyle-related conditions, and supportive therapy alongside conventional medical
treatment. Demand for these products is closely linked to healthcare spending patterns, demographic shifts, and the
growing emphasis on prevention and holistic well-being. As part of the regulated healthcare value chain, the industry
is characterised by relatively high entry thresholds, driven by capital requirements, technical and formulation
expertise, and a stringent regulatory environment, necessitating experience and compliance capabilities.

Global and Regional Healthcare Expenditure

Global healthcare expenditure has increased steadily and now represents a significant share of overall economic
activity, accounting for approximately 10 percent of global GDP in recent years. This trend reflects rising healthcare
costs, ageing populations, and the increasing prioritisation of health systems worldwide.


                                        Health spending % of GDP, 2022 Annual
                18.00      16.53
                16.00
                14.00                     12.32
                                                          11.60           11.10
                12.00


   in GDP (%)
                                                                                      9.89
                10.00
                 8.00
                 6.00                                                                              5.23

                 4.00                                                                                           3.31

                 2.00
                 0.00
                        United States     Japan      Switzerland          United    Australia      China        India
                                                                         Kingdom

Source: OECD; World Bank Open Data

Healthcare spending as a proportion of GDP remains highest in advanced economies. In 2022, the United States
allocated around 16.5 percent of GDP to healthcare, compared with 12.3 percent in Japan, 11.6 percent in
Switzerland, and 11.1 percent in the United Kingdom, while Australia’s health expenditure was just under 10
percent. In contrast, major emerging economies continue to spend a lower, though gradually increasing, share of
national income on healthcare, with China at approximately 5.2 percent of GDP and India at about 3.3 percent,
highlighting substantial headroom for long-term expansion.

From a regional perspective, North America and Western Europe account for the largest share of global healthcare
spending in absolute terms, supported by comprehensive insurance coverage, ageing demographics, and higher per-
capita healthcare costs. Healthcare expenditure in Asia–Pacific is expanding rapidly from a lower base as countries
such as China and India scale public health programmes and private insurance penetration. Latin America, the
Middle East, and Africa are also increasing healthcare allocations, although these regions continue to face higher


                                                                   136
out-of-pocket expenditure and infrastructure constraints. Collectively, these spending patterns support sustained
demand for pharmaceuticals, medical devices, and nutraceuticals, with higher-spending markets typically acting as
early adopters of preventive and innovative healthcare solutions.

Overview of the Indian Consumer Healthcare Market

India’s consumer healthcare market comprises products and services supporting preventive health, wellness, and
non-prescription health management, including traditional medicines, dietary supplements, functional foods, herbal
formulations, and over-the-counter wellness products. Market growth is underpinned by rising health awareness,
demographic shifts, increasing prevalence of lifestyle-related conditions, and expanding healthcare infrastructure
supported by public policy measures.

India’s AYUSH sector—encompassing Ayurveda, Yoga & Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha, and Homeopathy—
constitutes a significant component of the consumer healthcare ecosystem, with combined manufacturing and
service activity valued at over US$ 50 billion in 2024 (manufacturing US$ 24 billion, services US$ 26 billion). The
Union Budget for FY26 allocated Rs. 3,992.9 crore to the Ministry of AYUSH, a 14.2% increase from FY25, while
AYUSH exports reached Rs. 5,907 crore in FY25, up 5.9% YoY. The AYUSH market is projected to expand from
US$ 43.3 billion in 2024 to US$ 200 billion by 2030.

Government sector profiling cited by IBEF estimates the Indian nutraceuticals market at USD 30.37 billion in 2024,
with a projected CAGR of 13.6% between 2025 and 2030; India’s share of global nutraceutical revenue was 9.22%
in 2023.

National healthcare spending was approximately 3.3% of GDP in 2022 (projected to reach around 5% by 2030),
with public health expenditure at 1.9% of GDP in FY26. Ayushman Bharat–PM-JAY supported 9.84 crore
admissions worth Rs. 1.40 lakh crore.

Demographic dynamics including population growth, rising incomes, and urbanisation have catalysed adoption of
preventive healthcare products, supported by digital platforms and regulatory frameworks administered by FSSAI
and the Ministry of AYUSH.

The consumer healthcare market demonstrates multi-segment growth driven by traditional medicine systems,
preventive health trends, policy support, and expanding domestic and international demand.

Global Nutraceuticals Market Size and Growth

The global nutraceuticals industry has emerged as a rapidly expanding segment within the broader health and
wellness economy, bridging food, pharmaceuticals, and preventive healthcare. It includes dietary supplements,
functional foods and beverages, and condition-specific formulations targeting immunity, cardio metabolic health,
bone and joint care, cognitive function, gut health, and healthy ageing. The market was valued at approximately
USD 455 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach around USD 503 billion in 2025, reflecting a CAGR of 10.6%.
Over the medium term, it is expected to grow to about USD 772–775 billion by 2029, implying a forecast CAGR
of roughly 11%, supported by digital health adoption, evolving dietary patterns, and the rise of personalized
nutrition.




                                                       137
                                     Global Nutraceuticals Industry
                      900

                      800                                                                    772.5
                                                                CAGR: 11%
                      700

                      600



    in USD Billions
                                  CAGR: 10.6%                 503
                      500   455

                      400

                      300

                      200

                      100

                       0
                            2024                              2025                           2029
.
Source: Nutraceutical Sector Profile, Revised after Comments from ED, August 2025

Regional Insights

•    Asia–Pacific
     Asia–Pacific remains the primary engine of nutraceutical market growth, supported by rising incomes, rapid
     urbanization, and stronger health awareness across
     major economies such as China, Japan, South
     Korea, India, and ASEAN markets. China, Japan,
                                                                         Global Market Share (%)
     and South Korea together account for a large share
     of regional consumption, while India and Southeast                        10%
     Asian countries are seeing faster percentage growth
     as modern retail, e-pharmacies, and cross-border
     e-commerce expand. Demand is shifting from basic
     vitamins to functional foods, probiotics, herbal                                                      36%
     products, and personalised nutrition, aided by
                                                                  23%
     traditional medicine systems and a strong preference
     for plant-based, “natural” solutions.
•    North America
     North America is one of the largest and most mature
     nutraceutical markets, driven by high per-capita
     spending, an ageing population, and strong adoption
     of dietary supplements, sports nutrition, and
     functional beverages. Regulatory clarity around                                   26%
     dietary supplements and health claims, combined
     with a dense network of pharmacies, mass retailers,                     North America Europe
     and online platforms, supports steady growth in
     vitamins, minerals, herbal products, and specialty                      Asia-Pacific   South America
     ingredients targeting heart health, weight
     management, mental wellness, and immune support.
•    Europe
     Europe plays a pivotal role in shaping global nutraceutical standards through stringent regulations on safety,
     labeling, and health claims, especially under EFSA frameworks. Consumers in Western Europe show strong
     preference for clean-label, organic, and scientifically substantiated functional foods and supplements, pushing
     manufacturers toward standardized herbal extracts, probiotics, and fortified foods. At the same time,
     demographic ageing and public-health emphasis on prevention sustain demand for bone health,
     cardio-metabolic, and cognitive-support products.


                                                        138
•   Latin America and Middle East & Africa
    Latin America and the Middle East & Africa represent smaller but fast-emerging nutraceutical markets, with
    growth tied to rising middle classes and greater penetration of pharmacies and modern retail. In Latin America,
    demand is strengthening for herbal and vitamin products linked to immunity, energy, and weight management,
    while MEA markets are seeing gradual uptake of fortified staples, infant nutrition, and basic supplements as
    awareness of preventive health improves. International brands often partner with local distributors and
    pharmacy chains to navigate regulatory regimes and build trust.

Global Market Trends

•   Sustainability and “Clean” Formulations
    Across regions, consumers are gravitating toward products perceived as natural, minimally processed, and free
    from controversial additives, leading to greater use of plant based ingredients, non GMO sourcing, and eco
    conscious packaging. This “clean label” shift is particularly visible in herbal nutraceuticals, probiotics, and
    functional foods, where provenance, traceability, and transparent labeling are becoming differentiators.

                                         Product Segment Market Forecast 2024-35
                         80                                                                                       75
                                                                               70
                         70        65

                         60                                                                               54.76
                                                        50



       in USD Billions
                         50                                             45
                              40                                                                   40
                         40
                                                  30
                         30                                                                  25

                         20

                         10

                         0
                              Vitamins            Minerals         Herbal Products          Probiotics      Others

                                           Status as of 2024 (USD bn)        Projected by 2035 (USD bn)

    Source: Nutraceutical Sector Profile, Revised after Comments from ED, August 2025

•   Personalised and Condition-Specific Nutrition
    The industry is moving from one-size-fits-all multivitamins to condition-specific and sometimes personalised
    regimens, supported by diagnostics, apps, and digital health platforms. Solutions for gut health, metabolic
    syndrome, fertility, cognitive performance, and healthy ageing are increasingly formulated with targeted
    combinations of vitamins, minerals, botanicals, omega-3s, and probiotics, often bundled with lifestyle
    recommendations.

•   Expansion of Functional Foods & Novel Delivery Formats
    Functional foods and beverages—fortified dairy, cereals, snacks, RTD drinks, and protein-rich products—are
    gaining share as consumers prefer to “consume health” through everyday diet rather than pills. Parallelly,
    delivery formats are diversifying from conventional tablets and capsules to gummies, effervescents, chews,
    shots, and melts to improve compliance and enable differentiated positioning across age groups.

•   Digital & Omnichannel Distribution
    Online channels, including e-pharmacies, brand websites, and marketplaces, have become critical for discovery,
    education, and repeat purchasing, especially post-COVID. Traditional outlets—pharmacies, supermarkets,
    health stores—remain important, but omnichannel strategies that combine physical presence with subscription
    models, personalized recommendations, and influencer-led marketing are increasingly central to growth.

•   Regulatory and Evidence Pressure

                                                                  139
         Global regulators are tightening oversight on definitions, claims, and safety data, requiring clearer
         differentiation between foods, supplements, and drugs and stronger clinical or mechanistic support for health
         claims. This is pushing serious players toward greater investment in R&D, standardization, and clinical
         validation, while also raising entry barriers for low-compliance manufacturers.

•        Demographics, Geriatric Focus and Chronic Disease Burden
         Ageing populations in North America, Europe, Japan, and increasingly China are a structural demand driver
         for bone health, cardiovascular, cognitive, and immune-support nutraceuticals. Simultaneously, the global rise
         in lifestyle diseases—diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension—underpins long-term growth in products
         aimed at metabolic health, weight management, and inflammation control, with nutraceuticals often positioned
         as adjuncts to standard pharmacotherapy.

Indian Market Size and Growth Forecast

The Indian nutraceuticals market has emerged as one of the fastest‑growing segments within the country’s food
processing and wellness ecosystem. The market was estimated at around USD 30.4 billion in 2024 and is projected
to record a CAGR of about 13.6 percent over 2025–2030, outpacing both overall food processing and traditional
pharmaceuticals. India accounted for roughly 9.2 percent of global nutraceutical revenues in 2023, underscoring its
rising importance as both a consumption and manufacturing hub.


                                             Market Size (USD Billion)
                      140.00
                                                                                          123.48
                      120.00

                      100.00




    In USD Billions
                       80.00              CAGR: 13.60%

                       60.00

                       40.00             34.50


                       20.00

                        0.00
                                          2025                                             2035

Source: Nutraceutical Sector Profile, Revised after Comments from ED, August 2025, Infomerics Analytics &
Research

This growth trajectory reflects strong structural drivers, including rising health consciousness, higher incidence of
lifestyle related disorders, and a clear consumer shift from curative to preventive healthcare. Urban, digitally
connected consumers are increasingly modifying dietary habits and proactively using dietary supplements,
functional foods, and herbal products to manage immunity, cardio metabolic risk, bone and joint health, digestive
wellness, and cognitive performance.

Within the product mix, functional foods commanded about 37.6 percent of Indian nutraceutical revenues in 2024,
supported by rapid uptake of fortified staples, probiotic‑enriched foods, and value‑added dairy and snack products.
Dietary supplements—including vitamins, minerals, probiotics, and herbal capsules—are expected to grow at a
CAGR of nearly 13.9 percent over 2025–2030, while probiotic ingredients alone contributed about 24.7 percent of
ingredient revenues in 2024, reflecting heightened focus on gut and immune health.

India’s ascent is further enabled by a favourable policy and regulatory environment. FSSAI’s evolving frameworks
for health supplements, nutraceuticals, and Ayush Aahar, coupled with initiatives such as PMKSY, PMFME and
Ayush‑linked programmes, are standardising definitions, improving product approvals, and supporting capacity


                                                           140
creation across the value chain. This is attracting domestic and foreign investment into R&D, clinical validation,
and modern manufacturing infrastructure, including WHO‑GMP and ISO‑certified plants.

On the demand side, the expanding middle class, rapid urbanisation, and widespread internet access are reinforcing
omni‑channel growth through pharmacies, modern retail and e‑commerce, with post‑COVID emphasis on immunity
and holistic wellness acting as an additional catalyst. Taken together, these factors position India not only as a key
global manufacturing base leveraging its agricultural biodiversity and Ayurvedic heritage, but also as one of the
most attractive growth markets for science‑backed nutraceutical and functional nutrition products.

3A.6 Industry Value Chain Analysis

                                                                                                        End
         Raw                Formulation              Branding,              Distribution            Consumer &
      Material &           Development
                                                     Claims &                & Market                    Use
      Ingredient                &
                           Manufacturing             Packaging                 Access               Environment
     Procurement
                                                                                                          s


1.    Raw Material & Ingredient Procurement
      The nutraceutical value chain begins with sourcing bioactive ingredients and excipients, including vitamins,
      minerals, amino acids, botanical extracts, probiotics, prebiotics, proteins, fibers, sweeteners, flavours, and
      functional lipids such as omega-3 fatty acids. Quality, standardisation, and regulatory compliance (purity, heavy
      metals, pesticide residues, microbial limits) influence product efficacy, safety, and label claims. Ingredients are
      sourced from domestic agricultural and herbal supply chains for botanicals and Ayurvedic raw drugs, and
      through global suppliers for specialised actives such as CoQ10, probiotics, carotenoids, and premium proteins.
      Larger manufacturers increasingly adopt backward integration through controlled herb cultivation, contract
      farming, in-house extraction, or strategic supplier tie-ups to ensure traceability, consistency, and cost efficiency.

2.    Formulation Development & Manufacturing
      Ingredients are processed into finished dosage forms such as tablets, capsules, softgels, powders, granules,
      syrups, gummies, functional beverages, and fortified foods. Manufacturing involves pre-formulation R&D,
      compatibility studies, and process design to ensure stability, bioavailability, palatability, and uniform dosing.
      Unit operations include blending, granulation, encapsulation, tableting, coating, liquid compounding,
      homogenisation, filling, and packaging, carried out under GMP-compliant facilities, often WHO-GMP or
      FSSAI-licensed. Technologies such as controlled-release matrices, microencapsulation, probiotic protection
      systems, and clean-label formulations are increasingly deployed. In-process and finished product testing,
      including assay, dissolution, microbiology, and contaminant analysis, ensures compliance with domestic and
      export regulations.

3.    Branding, Claims & Packaging
      Packaging conveys product information, shelf-life, science-backed benefits, and regulatory compliance (FSSAI
      license, herbal/Ayurveda certifications, allergen and nutritional declarations). Brands differentiate through
      condition-specific product platforms (immunity, bone health, fertility, gut health, cognitive support), innovative
      formats (gummies, effervescents, sachets, shots), and claims supported by clinical or mechanistic data.
      Labelling specifies composition, dosage, target segment, and usage instructions, while premium brands adopt
      tamper-evident, sustainable, and digitally enabled packaging for batch traceability and authenticity verification.

4.    Distribution & Market Access
      Distribution channels include doctor-led and pharmacy-based models for prescription-adjacent products,
      AYUSH clinics for classical formulations, and modern trade, supermarkets, health stores, and e-commerce
      platforms for OTC wellness and lifestyle products. Institutional and B2B channels, such as corporate hospitals,
      fertility and IVF centres, orthopaedic and dialysis chains, and corporate wellness programmes, procure in bulk
      under contractual agreements. Contract manufacturing and private-label operations support both domestic and
      export supply chains, integrating manufacturers with brand owners and retail networks.

5.    End Consumer & Use Environments
      End users span urban wellness consumers, patients with chronic conditions, athletes, pregnant and lactating
      women, children, adolescents, and the geriatric population. Products are consumed for preventive care,
      physician-advised adjunct therapy, post-illness recovery, sports nutrition, and integrative treatment alongside


                                                            141
        AYUSH or allopathic care. Consumer preferences for natural ingredients, evidence-based formulations,
        convenience, taste, affordability, and regulatory compliance shape product design. Digital health platforms,
        personalised nutrition services, and corporate wellness programmes are expanding distribution touchpoints,
        supporting preventive and holistic healthcare adoption.

Production Trends


                                Product-wise Production of API & formulations of vitamins
                     12.00
                                                              9.90            9.68
                     10.00    9.21    9.41
                                              9.06    8.78             8.72           8.90                    8.88
                                                                                              8.38
                                                                                                      7.97
                      8.00



   in USD Billions
                      6.00

                      4.00

                      2.00

                      0.00
                             2014-15 2015-16 2016-17 2017-18 2018-19 2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
Source: CMIE Database.

The production of APIs and formulations of vitamins in India has exhibited fluctuations over the past decade. From
2014 15 to 2018 19, production values ranged between 8.78 and 9.90, reflecting moderate growth and occasional
year-on-year variations. In 2019 20, production dipped to 8.72, followed by a rebound to 9.68 in 2020 21, indicating
resilience amid sectoral challenges. Subsequent years saw a gradual decline, reaching a low of 7.97 in 2023 24,
before increasing again to 8.88 in 2024 25. Overall, these trends suggest a cyclical pattern in vitamin API and
formulation production, influenced by factors such as raw material availability, regulatory changes, and market
demand dynamics.

Investment Opportunities in the Indian Nutraceutical Sector

India’s nutraceutical industry is witnessing accelerated growth, supported by government initiatives such as
Production-Linked Incentive (PLI) schemes, standardized trade codes, and regulatory frameworks that facilitate
global compliance and product standardization. These measures are attracting foreign investment and promoting the
establishment of R&D and manufacturing hubs, leveraging the integration of traditional health sciences, including
Ayurveda, with modern biotech approaches.

The sector is further energized by a growing startup ecosystem that employs artificial intelligence, biotechnology,
and data analytics to develop personalized nutrition solutions, functional foods, and plant-based alternatives.
Venture capital and private equity inflows are enabling rapid scaling, product innovation, and expansion into
international markets, positioning India as an emerging innovation hub.

Domestic demand is being driven by a rising middle class, increasing urbanization, and heightened health awareness.
The prevalence of lifestyle and chronic diseases, coupled with a post-pandemic focus on immunity and holistic
wellness, is boosting consumption of preventive and wellness-oriented nutraceuticals.

Collectively, these factors position India to become a global leader in the nutraceutical and wellness economy,
offering significant opportunities for investment, employment generation, and GDP contribution. Continued
innovation, strengthened regulatory oversight, and talent development are critical to sustaining this growth
trajectory.

3B Global Ayurveda Market Size and Growth



                                                                     142
Ayurveda is an ancient system of holistic medicine originating in India over 5,000 years ago, rooted in principles of
balance, prevention, and personalized treatment. As a cornerstone of the Ministry of AYUSH (Ayurveda, Yoga &
Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy), Ayurveda today encompasses classical medicines, proprietary
formulations, wellness products, therapeutic services, and integrative health solutions that span both domestic and
export markets.


                                    Global Ayurveda Market Landscape
                      70.00                                                              65.58

                      60.00

                      50.00



    In USD Billions
                                      CAGR: 15.53%
                      40.00

                      30.00

                      20.00             15.48

                      10.00

                       0.00
                                        2025E                                            2034P
Source: Infomerics Analytics and Research

The global Ayurvedic market has experienced rapid and accelerating expansion, valued at approximately USD 15.48
billion in 2025 (estimated) and projected to reach USD 65.58 billion by 2034, reflecting a robust compound annual
growth rate (CAGR) of 15.53 percent. This trajectory underscores the structural shift toward natural, preventive,
and holistic healthcare modalities globally, with Ayurveda positioned as a leading beneficiary of this transformation.

Regional Insights – Ayurveda Industry

•        Asia–Pacific
         Asia–Pacific represents the core geography for the global Ayurveda industry, supported by long-standing
         cultural acceptance of traditional medicine systems, rising disposable incomes, and increasing integration of
         herbal therapies into mainstream healthcare. India accounts for an estimated ~80 percent share of global
         Ayurveda production and consumption, positioning it as the principal manufacturing and export hub for
         Ayurvedic formulations. Demand across Southeast Asia, East Asia, and select developed Asian markets is
         supported by growing interest in plant-based remedies, immunity support, and preventive healthcare, alongside
         the expansion of organised retail, AYUSH institutions, and e-pharmacy platforms.

•        North America
         North America constitutes a relatively mature but high-value market for Ayurvedic products, driven by strong
         consumer focus on wellness, stress management, and natural health solutions. Ayurvedic formulations are
         primarily positioned within the dietary supplement and herbal product categories, distributed through
         pharmacies, specialty wellness stores, yoga and integrative health centres, and online channels. Regulatory
         oversight under dietary supplement frameworks emphasises standardisation, safety, and labelling, influencing
         product formats and claims. Imports from India form a significant part of regional supply.

•        Europe
         Europe plays an important role in shaping quality, safety, and compliance benchmarks for Ayurvedic and herbal
         products through stringent regulatory frameworks governing traditional herbal medicines and food
         supplements. Demand is concentrated in Western Europe, where consumers demonstrate preference for clean-
         label, organic, and evidence-supported natural remedies. Ayurvedic products are typically adopted for digestive
         health, skin and hair care, metabolic balance, and general wellness, with ageing populations and preventive
         health policies supporting steady consumption.

                                                            143
•   Latin America and Middle East & Africa
    Latin America and the Middle East & Africa represent emerging markets for Ayurveda, supported by expanding
    middle-class populations, increasing penetration of organised pharmacy networks, and rising awareness of
    natural and traditional therapies. Consumption remains relatively limited compared with Asia–Pacific and
    Western markets but is gradually expanding in categories such as immunity support, energy, and general
    wellness. Market development in these regions is often facilitated through distributor partnerships, regulatory
    adaptation, and cross-border e-commerce, with India serving as the primary source of Ayurvedic formulations.

Global Market Trends – Ayurvedic Industry

•   Sustainability and Natural Formulations
    Across global markets, demand for Ayurvedic products is increasingly shaped by preference for natural, plant-
    based formulations with transparent sourcing and minimal processing. Manufacturers are placing greater
    emphasis on standardized botanical inputs, traceable supply chains, non-synthetic additives, and
    environmentally responsible packaging. These factors are becoming important differentiators, particularly in
    herbal formulations, medicated oils, powders, and traditional dosage forms supplied to regulated export
    markets.

•   Condition-Oriented and Personalized Ayurveda
    The Ayurvedic industry is gradually evolving from broad wellness positioning toward condition-oriented
    applications linked to digestion, immunity, musculoskeletal health, stress management, metabolic balance, and
    healthy ageing. This shift is supported by improved standardization of formulations, practitioner-guided
    personalization, and selective integration of diagnostics and digital tools, enabling more targeted regimens
    while remaining anchored in classical Ayurvedic principles.

•   Integration into Functional Foods and Alternative Formats
    Ayurvedic formulations are increasingly being incorporated into functional foods and daily-use formats,
    including fortified foods, herbal teas, beverages, and nutritionally enhanced traditional preparations. Alongside
    conventional tablets, powders, and oils, manufacturers are expanding into alternative delivery formats such as
    gummies, effervescents, sachets, and ready-to-consume products to improve convenience, palatability, and
    adherence across consumer segments.

•   Digital and Multi-Channel Distribution
    Digital platforms have become an important channel for education, discovery, and repeat purchasing of
    Ayurvedic products, complementing traditional distribution through pharmacies, AYUSH clinics, and wellness
    centres. E-commerce, direct-to-consumer models, and hybrid online-offline strategies are enabling wider
    geographic reach, while physical channels continue to play a central role for practitioner-led and prescription-
    adjacent formulations.

•   Regulatory Oversight and Standardisation
    Global and domestic regulators are placing increasing emphasis on quality assurance, safety, labeling accuracy,
    and substantiation of claims for Ayurvedic products. This has led to greater adoption of GMP-compliant
    manufacturing, standardized extracts, pharmacopoeial references, and documentation aligned with export
    market requirements. While these developments raise compliance costs, they also increase entry barriers and
    support long-term industry credibility.

•   Demographic and Chronic Health Drivers
    Ageing populations in developed markets and the rising prevalence of lifestyle-related disorders across
    emerging economies are supporting sustained demand for Ayurvedic products positioned for long-term
    wellness and adjunct care. Applications related to joint health, digestive support, metabolic balance, immunity,
    and cognitive well-being are benefiting from this structural shift, with Ayurveda increasingly positioned
    alongside conventional healthcare systems as part of preventive and integrative care frameworks.

India Ayurveda Market Landscape
India represents the core of the global AYUSH ecosystem, supported by an unmatched civilisational legacy, deep
institutional capacity, and expanding domestic and international demand. As the birthplace of Ayurveda, Yoga,
Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha, and Homeopathy, India accounts for approximately 80% of global Ayurvedic practice


                                                        144
and production, underpinned by centuries of continuous knowledge transmission through practitioners, academic
institutions, and research bodies.

The Indian AYUSH sector has recorded strong growth across manufacturing, services, exports, and wellness
tourism. AYUSH manufacturing expanded from US$ 18 billion in 2020 to US$ 24 billion in 2024, while the
AYUSH services segment was valued at US$ 26 billion in 2024, taking the overall industry size beyond US$ 50
billion. The broader Indian AYUSH market is projected to grow from US$ 43.3 billion in 2024 to US$ 200 billion
by 2030, driven by rising health awareness, increased adoption of preventive healthcare, and growing export
demand. Separately, the AYUSH-based healthcare and wellness segment is expected to reach US$ 70 billion by
2025.


                                              Ayurveda Products Market Size
                     25
                                                                                        21.19
                     20




   In USD Billions
                     15


                     10                       7.84

                      5


                      0
                                              2022                                      2028
Source: IBEF Ayush

Within this ecosystem, the Ayurvedic products segment has emerged as a key growth driver. The Ayurvedic
products market reached Rs. 62,600 crore (US$ 7.84 billion) in 2022 and is projected to grow to Rs. 1,82,400 crore
(US$ 21.19 billion) by 2028, registering a CAGR of 19.3% during 2023–2028. Broader industry estimates indicate
that the AYUSH sector is expected to witness a CAGR of approximately 17% during 2024–2032, supported by
product standardisation, strengthening of regulatory frameworks, and increasing integration with modern healthcare
delivery.
Production Trends

                                Product-wise Production of Ayurvedic and homeopathic
                                                    medicaments
                     70.00
                                                                                      56.11             58.31
                     60.00
                                                                              51.19             49.06           51.14
                     50.00



   In USD Billions
                              36.84   38.61                           38.71
                     40.00                    34.01           35.54
                                                      31.06
                     30.00

                     20.00

                     10.00

                      0.00
                             2014-15 2015-16 2016-17 2017-18 2018-19 2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
Source: IBEF



                                                                145
Production of Ayurvedic and homeopathic medicaments in India has exhibited a generally upward trend over the
last decade, with intermittent fluctuations reflecting regulatory transitions, demand cycles, and supply-side
adjustments. Output increased from 36.84 in 2014–15 to 38.61 in 2015–16, followed by a moderation during 2016–
17 to 2017–18, when production declined to 31.06.

From 2018–19 onwards, production recovered, rising to 38.71 in 2019–20, and witnessed a sharp acceleration during
the pandemic period, reaching 51.19 in 2020–21 and further increasing to 56.11 in 2021–22, supported by
heightened demand for immunity-related and preventive healthcare products. Although production moderated to
49.06 in 2022–23, it rebounded to a peak of 58.31 in 2023–24, before easing to 51.14 in 2024–25.

Overall, the trend indicates a structurally higher production base in recent years compared with the pre-2020 period,
underpinned by expanding domestic consumption, growing export demand, and increased formalisation and
capacity expansion within the Ayurvedic and homeopathic manufacturing ecosystem.

Export Momentum and Long-Term Structural Drivers

Export performance further reinforces growth visibility. Exports of AYUSH and herbal products increased from Rs.
5,580 crore (US$ 651.17 million) in FY24 to Rs. 5,907 crores (US$ 689.34 million) in FY25, representing 5.86%
growth in value alongside 21.46% growth in volumes, indicating widening global acceptance of Indian traditional
medicine products. Government support has also intensified, with the Ministry of AYUSH’s budget allocation for
FY26 increasing by 14.2% year-on-year to Rs. 3,992.9 crore (US$ 461.3 million), directed toward education,
research, infrastructure development, and international outreach.

India’s competitive advantage is further strengthened by a favourable regulatory environment led by the Ministry
of AYUSH, rising MSME participation, and expanding employment opportunities. The number of AYUSH-related
MSMEs increased from 38,216 units in August 2021 to 53,023 units by January 2023, reflecting growing
entrepreneurial interest and capacity creation across the value chain. Government initiatives targeting skill
development and institutional expansion aim to create nearly 3 million jobs across manufacturing, healthcare
delivery, education, and allied activities. In parallel, wellness tourism linked to Ayurveda and Yoga was valued at
Rs. 1,64,164 crore (US$ 19.43 billion) in 2024 and is projected to reach Rs. 2,57,237 crore (US$ 29.88 billion) by
2031, further reinforcing demand for AYUSH services and products and strengthening India’s position as a global
hub for traditional and holistic healthcare.

Within this rapidly expanding ecosystem, individual companies play a critical role in translating national-level
demand into tangible production and consumption outcomes. The Company’s Ayurvedic product portfolio aligns
with national growth trends, contributing to both domestic consumption and exports. Detailed production and
consumption data of the Company, at national and state levels, underscore its participation in the broader AYUSH
value chain. Furthermore, the application of the Company’s Ayurvedic and related products reflect evolving
consumer preferences and healthcare practices, with future growth supported by increased adoption of preventive
and holistic healthcare solutions across India.

4A. Market Dynamics- Nutraceuticals Industry

4A.1 Growth Drivers

Growth in the nutraceuticals industry is supported by shifting consumer preferences toward preventive healthcare,
expanding retail and e-commerce distribution, and an increasingly supportive regulatory and policy environment.
Rising adoption across functional foods, dietary supplements, and wellness products, alongside innovation in
science-backed formulations, delivery formats, and digital health integration, is expected to underpin sustained
market expansion. The following matrix presents the key growth drivers and their relative significance across the
short, medium, and long term.

Market Drivers and Impact Assessment

(All values represent directional impact based on industry estimates and qualitative analysis)

                                                                           Impact
 Drivers                                                                   1-2           3-4            5-7
                                                                           Years         Years          Years


                                                        146
 1.    Rising consumer shift toward preventive healthcare and self-
       managed wellness                                             High                    High          High

 2.    Expansion of e-commerce, direct-to-consumer platforms, and
       organized retail improving nutraceutical accessibility     High                      High          Moderate

 3.    Growing adoption of science-backed formulations, clinical
       validation, and clean-label nutraceutical products        Moderate                   High          High

 4.    Increasing use of pharmaceutical-grade and biologically sensitive
       packaging supporting probiotics, functional foods, and bioactive Moderate            High          High
       ingredients

 5.    Regulatory formalization, quality standardization, and traceability
       requirements strengthening consumer trust and market credibility Low                 Moderate      High

 6.    Expanding export potential driven by rising global demand for
       Indian nutraceuticals across functional foods, dietary supplements, Moderate         Moderate      High
       and herbal formulations

Source – Infomerics Analytics & Research

Detailed Driver Commentary

1.    Shift Toward Preventive Healthcare and Self-Managed Wellness
      The nutraceutical industry is supported by a sustained shift toward preventive healthcare and self-managed
      wellness. Consumers are increasingly incorporating immunity boosters, metabolic health supplements,
      cognitive health products, and daily nutrition formats into routine lifestyles, driven by rising lifestyle-related
      health concerns and growing health awareness. This driver demonstrates consistently high impact across short,
      medium, and long-term horizons. Demand is further reinforced by increasing adoption among millennials and
      Gen Z consumers, supported by personalized supplementation trends, digital health platforms, and wellness
      tracking ecosystems. In addition, the continued expansion of the urban middle-class population supports higher
      consumption of convenient daily formats such as gummies, effervescents, and functional beverages.

2.    Expansion of E-commerce, Direct-to-Consumer, and Organized Retail Channels
      The rapid expansion of e-commerce, direct-to-consumer (D2C) platforms, and organized retail has significantly
      improved accessibility and reach of nutraceutical products, particularly in the near to medium term. Digital
      marketplaces and category-focused platforms enable wider geographic penetration, consumer education, and
      targeted product discovery. D2C brands leverage subscription-led models to enhance consumer retention, while
      organized retail networks provide offline scale and visibility. Improvements in logistics and supply-chain
      infrastructure further support early-stage growth; however, the relative impact of this driver is expected to
      moderate over the long term as digital penetration matures and physical retail stabilizes.

3.    Growing Adoption of Science-Backed and Clean-Label Formulations
      Consumer preference is progressively shifting toward science-backed formulations, clinical validation, and
      clean-label nutraceutical products. Increasing regulatory emphasis on evidence-based claims and ingredient
      transparency supports this transition and enables premiumization across select product categories, including
      probiotics and functional nutrition. While near-term adoption remains moderate due to higher research,
      development, and compliance costs, the long-term impact is expected to be high as consumer trust improves
      and third-party certifications gain prominence. The industry is also witnessing a gradual shift from traditional
      formulations toward enhanced bioavailability formats, supporting product differentiation in an increasingly
      competitive market environment.

4.    Increasing Use of Pharmaceutical-Grade and Biologically Sensitive Packaging
      The adoption of pharmaceutical-grade and biologically sensitive packaging has emerged as an important
      enabler for nutraceutical products containing probiotics, bioactive ingredients, and functional food components.
      High-barrier packaging solutions address stability, moisture, and oxygen sensitivity challenges and support

                                                          147
      improved shelf-life and product integrity. Initial adoption remains moderate due to capital expenditure
      requirements; however, scale-led adoption is expected to accelerate over the medium to long term, particularly
      across functional foods and protein-based nutrition categories. Advanced packaging solutions also support
      premium positioning and export readiness.

5.    Regulatory Formalization, Quality Standardization, and Traceability
      Regulatory formalization and quality standardization act as structural long-term growth drivers for the
      nutraceutical industry. Progressive implementation of enhanced traceability, labeling, and quality compliance
      requirements strengthens consumer confidence and improves overall market credibility. While compliance-
      related costs may exert pressure on smaller participants in the short term, these measures support long-term
      industry consolidation, reduce risks of adulteration, and enable premium positioning. Increasing alignment with
      global regulatory standards further supports the maturation and formalization of the industry.

6.    Expansion of Export Opportunities
      India's nutraceutical industry benefits from expanding export opportunities, driven by rising global demand for
      dietary supplements, functional foods, and herbal and traditional formulations. While short-term growth
      remains moderate due to regulatory harmonization and market-entry requirements, long-term prospects remain
      strong, supported by improving quality standards, manufacturing capabilities, and international acceptance of
      Indian formulations. Dietary supplements and functional food products constitute key export categories,
      positioning the industry for sustained long-term growth.

4A.2 Challenges

Growth in the nutraceuticals industry faces headwinds from regulatory complexities, supply chain vulnerabilities,
consumer trust gaps, and competitive pressures. Evolving compliance requirements, raw material sourcing
challenges, market fragmentation, and technological investment barriers constrain scalability and profitability. The
following matrix presents the key challenges and their relative significance across the short, medium, and long term.

Market Challenges and Impact Assessment

(All values represent directional impact based on industry estimates and qualitative analysis)

                                                                            Impact
 Restraints                                                                 1-2           3-4           5-7
                                                                            Years         Years         Years
 1.    Regulatory uncertainty and compliance complexities
                                                                            High          High          Moderate
 2.    Volatility in raw material prices and supply chain disruptions
                                                                            High          High          Moderate
 3.    Consumer skepticism and trust deficits
                                                                            Moderate      High          Moderate
 4.    Intense competition and market fragmentation
                                                                            High          Moderate      Moderate
Source- Infomerics Analytics & Research

Detailed Overview of Challenges

1.    Regulatory Uncertainty and Compliance Complexities
      The nutraceutical industry operates within a dynamic regulatory environment, with products subject to evolving
      classification, labeling, and compliance requirements. In the near term (1–2 years), regulatory uncertainty and
      frequent guideline updates result in a high compliance burden, particularly for smaller and unorganized
      participants. This impact is expected to remain high over the medium term (3–4 years) as transition
      requirements continue to evolve and compliance expectations stabilize. Over the long term (5–7 years),
      regulatory complexity is expected to moderate as standards mature, supporting greater clarity and industry-
      wide compliance.

2.    Volatility in Raw Material Prices and Supply Chain Disruptions


                                                         148
      Manufacturers face challenges arising from volatility in raw material prices and periodic supply chain
      disruptions, driven by dependence on imported ingredients and variability in domestic sourcing. The impact
      remains high in both the near and medium term due to procurement uncertainty, logistics constraints, and cost
      pressures. Over the long term, this challenge is expected to moderate with increased backward integration,
      supplier diversification, and gradual development of localized sourcing ecosystems.

3.    Consumer Skepticism and Trust Deficits
      Consumer concerns related to product efficacy, quality assurance, and the credibility of health claims continue
      to influence purchasing behavior in the nutraceutical industry. In the near term, the impact of trust deficits
      remains moderate as awareness initiatives, improved labeling practices, and greater information availability
      partially mitigate skepticism. Over the medium term, the impact is expected to increase as consumer scrutiny
      intensifies alongside broader product availability and choice. In the long term, this challenge is expected to
      moderate as regulatory clarity improves and established brands benefit from strengthened consumer confidence.

4.    Intense Competition and Market Fragmentation
      The nutraceutical industry is characterized by intense competition due to the presence of numerous unorganized
      participants, product commoditization, and increasing participation from domestic and international brands.
      Competitive pressure remains high in the near term, driven by pricing competition and rapid product
      proliferation. Over the medium term, the impact is expected to moderate as compliance requirements, scale
      advantages, and brand differentiation contribute to gradual consolidation. In the long term, competitive intensity
      is likely to remain moderate, with sustained competition centered on innovation, quality, and brand strength.\

4B. Market Dynamics- Ayurvedic Industry

4B.1 Growth Drivers

The ayurvedic industry is witnessing sustained growth driven by strong policy support, rising consumer preference
for natural wellness solutions, and expanding private and public investment across herbal formulations, personal
care, and healthcare segments. The nutraceutical-ayurvedic convergence segment is gaining momentum, supported
by preventive healthcare trends, the rise of e-commerce and D2C platforms, and growing adoption of science-backed
herbal extracts and clinically validated rasayana formulations. Advancements in standardization, sustainable
sourcing, and digital health integration continue to strengthen the long-term outlook for both the ayurvedic and
nutraceutical-ayurvedic sectors.

Market Drivers and Impact Assessment

(All values represent directional impact based on industry estimates and qualitative analysis)

                                                                              Impact
 Drivers                                                                      1-2           3-4           5-7
                                                                              Years         Years         Years
 1.    Government policy support through AYUSH initiatives and
       integration into mainstream healthcare
                                                                              High          High          High
 2.    Rising consumer preference for natural, herbal remedies and
       preventive wellness
                                                                              High          High          High
 3.    Expansion of e-commerce, D2C platforms, and organized retail
       channels
                                                                              High          High          Moderate
 4.    Growing global export demand for Ayurvedic products and
       formulations
                                                                              Moderate      High          High
 5.    Advancements in standardization, clinical validation, and quality
       certification
                                                                              Low           Moderate      High


                                                          149
 6.    Technological integration including digital health apps and modern
       manufacturing
                                                                            Moderate      High           High
Source: Infomerics Analytics & Research

Detailed Driver Commentary

1.    Government Policy Support and Institutional Integration
      The Ayurvedic industry benefits from sustained government support through policy initiatives, institutional
      backing, and integration into national healthcare and wellness frameworks. In the near term (1–2 years), policy
      continuity, public health programs, and formal recognition of Ayurveda support high industry impact by
      strengthening legitimacy and demand. This impact is expected to remain high over the medium term (3–4 years)
      as implementation deepens across public healthcare delivery and wellness infrastructure. Over the long term
      (5–7 years), policy support is expected to continue providing a stable growth foundation through
      institutionalized adoption and ongoing regulatory backing.

2.    Rising Consumer Preference for Natural and Preventive Wellness Solutions
      Increasing health awareness and a growing preference for natural, herbal, and preventive healthcare solutions
      continue to drive demand for Ayurvedic products. In the near and medium term, this shift supports high growth
      as consumers increasingly adopt Ayurveda for immunity, lifestyle management, and holistic wellness. Over the
      long term, this preference is expected to remain strong as preventive healthcare gains structural importance in
      consumer behavior, sustaining consistent demand across product categories.

3.    Expansion of E-commerce, D2C Platforms, and Organized Retail Channels
      The expansion of digital commerce, direct-to-consumer platforms, and organized retail has significantly
      improved product accessibility and market reach for Ayurvedic offerings. In the near and medium term, this
      results in high impact by enabling wider geographic penetration, improved consumer engagement, and brand
      visibility, particularly in urban and semi-urban markets. Over the long term, the impact is expected to moderate
      as distribution channels mature and market penetration stabilizes.

4.    Growing Global Export Demand for Ayurvedic Products
      Rising international interest in traditional and plant-based wellness systems supports expanding export
      opportunities for Ayurvedic products and formulations. In the near term, export growth remains moderate due
      to regulatory, certification, and market entry requirements. Over the medium term, impact is expected to
      increase as compliance capabilities improve and market familiarity strengthens. In the long term, export demand
      is anticipated to contribute high impact, supported by broader acceptance of Ayurveda within the global
      wellness and herbal products market.

5.    Advancements in Standardization, Clinical Validation, and Quality Certification
      Efforts toward improved standardization, scientific validation, and quality certification are gradually
      strengthening the credibility of Ayurvedic products. In the near term, impact remains low due to longer
      development timelines and associated costs. Over the medium term, impact is expected to increase as
      standardized processes and certifications gain wider adoption. In the long term, these advancements are
      anticipated to deliver high impact by enhancing consumer trust, supporting premiumization, and facilitating
      institutional and export market access.

6.    Technological Integration in Manufacturing and Consumer Engagement
      The adoption of modern manufacturing technologies and digital tools is supporting operational efficiency,
      scalability, and improved consumer interaction within the Ayurvedic industry. In the near term, technological
      integration has a moderate impact as adoption remains uneven. Over the medium term, impact is expected to
      rise as automation, quality control systems, and digital engagement tools become more prevalent. In the long
      term, technology is expected to have a high impact by supporting consistent quality, traceability, and scalable
      growth.

4B.2Challenges

The Ayurvedic industry navigates a complex regulatory landscape with evolving standards across AYUSH, FSSAI,
and drug classifications. In the near term (1–2 years), frequent guideline updates and licensing ambiguities create
high compliance burdens, particularly for smaller manufacturers. This impact remains high over the medium term

                                                         150
(3–4 years) as enforcement intensifies and validation requirements evolve. Over the long term (5–7 years),
challenges moderate as standards consolidate, enabling clearer compliance pathways.

Market Challenges and Impact Assessment

(All values represent directional impact based on industry estimates and qualitative analysis)

                                                                              Impact
 Restraints                                                                   1-2           3-4           5-7
                                                                              Years         Years         Years
 1.    Regulatory uncertainty and compliance complexities
                                                                              High          High          Moderate
 2.    Raw material sourcing volatility and supply chain constraints
                                                                              High          High          Moderate
 3.    Consumer skepticism and quality perception gaps
                                                                              Moderate      High          Moderate
 4.    Market fragmentation and intense competition
                                                                              High          Moderate      Moderate
Source- Infomerics Analytics & Research

Detailed Overview of Challenges

1.    Regulatory Uncertainty and Compliance Complexities
      The Ayurvedic industry navigates a complex regulatory landscape with evolving standards across AYUSH,
      FSSAI, and drug classifications. In the near term (1–2 years), frequent guideline updates and licensing
      ambiguities create high compliance burdens, particularly for smaller manufacturers. This impact remains high
      over the medium term (3–4 years) as enforcement intensifies and validation requirements evolve. Over the long
      term (5–7 years), challenges moderate as standards consolidate, enabling clearer compliance pathways.

2.    Raw Material Sourcing Volatility and Supply Chain Constraints
      Heavy dependence on seasonal herbs, imported botanicals, and inconsistent quality creates procurement
      vulnerabilities. Near-term impact stays high due to price fluctuations, adulteration risks, and supply disruptions
      from climate or export bans. Medium-term pressures persist amid scaling demands; long-term moderation
      occurs through contract farming, cultivation incentives, and diversified sourcing networks.

3.    Consumer Skepticism and Quality Perception Gaps
      Doubts over efficacy, standardization, and differentiation from allopathic alternatives limit mainstream
      adoption. Moderate near-term impact reflects growing awareness efforts; medium-term intensification arises
      from premium pricing scrutiny and counterfeit proliferation. Long-term stabilization follows clinical
      validations, branding maturity, and trust-building through transparent certifications.

4.    Market Fragmentation and Intense Competition
      Presence of unorganized players, regional formulations, and multinational entrants fragments the market while
      commoditizing core categories. High near-term competitive pressures stem from pricing wars and distribution
      battles; medium-term moderation via consolidation favors scaled brands with R&D capabilities. Sustained
      moderate long-term challenges center on innovation leadership and category premiumization.

5. PESTEL Analysis of the Industry

The PESTEL framework provides a structured assessment of the external macro-environmental factors that
influence the industry’s operating landscape. It examines the political, economic, social, technological,
environmental, and legal dimensions that collectively shape industry performance, regulatory evolution, and
strategic direction. This analysis enables a comprehensive understanding of the opportunities and challenges
impacting market stability, investment potential, and long-term sectoral growth.

5A. Nutraceuticals Industry



                                                          151
 Factor          Key Insights and Implications
 Political       •   Government initiatives such as Make in India, PLI schemes for food processing, and
                     AYUSH promotion support domestic nutraceutical manufacturing and localization of
                     herbal ingredients.
                 •   FSSAI regulations provide clarity on health claims, while jurisdictional overlaps with
                     CDSCO and other authorities create compliance complexity.
                 •   Export incentives, trade agreements, and integration into national health programs enhance
                     institutional demand.
                 •   Variations in state-level rules for packaging and waste management add operational
                     challenges for multi-region manufacturers.
 Economic        •   Rising disposable incomes and increasing health awareness drive adoption of premium
                     nutraceutical products among urban consumers.
                 •   Price volatility of botanicals, polymers, and specialty ingredients impacts manufacturing
                     margins and cost management.
                 •   MSME credit schemes and government-backed financing facilitate R&D scaling and
                     operational expansion.
                 •   Growth in e-commerce and D2C channels, along with incentives like RoDTEP, support
                     exports and offset import dependence and forex risks.
 Social          •   Preventive healthcare trends, post-pandemic immunity focus, and millennial preference for
                     herbal formulations boost demand for nutraceuticals.
                 •   Busy lifestyles drive adoption of convenient daily formats, including capsules, gummies,
                     and effervescents.
                 •   Awareness of clean-label products, hygiene, and ingredient transparency shapes
                     purchasing behavior.
                 •   Packaging quality and design influence brand perception, consumer trust, and repeat
                     purchase behavior.
 Technological   •   Innovations in bioavailability, formulation technology, and clinical validation enhance
                     product efficacy and consumer confidence.
                 •   Automation, solventless lamination, and modern manufacturing processes improve scale,
                     efficiency, and consistency.
                 •   Digital platforms, ERP systems, and D2C tools support inventory management,
                     subscription models, and direct consumer engagement.
                 •   QR codes, smart labels, and emerging traceability solutions strengthen compliance,
                     transparency, and global market readiness.
 Environmental   •   Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) regulations drive adoption of recyclable and
                     sustainable packaging.
                 •   Organic sourcing, chemical-free production, and biodiversity-preserving cultivation
                     differentiate premium brands.
                 •   Energy-efficient operations, waste reduction initiatives, and eco-certifications meet
                     regulatory requirements and consumer expectations.
 Legal           •   Nutraceuticals must comply with FSSAI and AYUSH standards for labelling, health
                     claims, and herbal product classifications.
                 •   Advertising and promotional claims are subject to oversight by regulatory authorities and
                     self-regulatory bodies, including FSSAI, Ministry of AYUSH, and the Advertising
                     Standards Council of India (ASCI), with heightened scrutiny on claims implying cure,
                     guaranteed results, or medical treatment outcomes.
                 •   International compliance, including FDA (USA) and EU regulations, is required for export
                     market access.
                 •   Consumer Protection laws prohibit misleading advertising, false claims, and greenwashing.
                 •   Intellectual property protections for formulations, trademarks, and proprietary processes
                     safeguard competitiveness.

5B. Ayurveda Industry

 Factor          Key Insights and Implications
 Political       •   Ministry of AYUSH provides strong policy support through National Ayush Mission and
                     public healthcare integration.

                                                     152
                   •   Drugs & Cosmetics Act mandates GMP; FSSAI overlaps create compliance complexity
                       for food-classified products.
                   •   Ayush Export Council and international MoUs enhance global market access.
                   •   State-level variations in licensing and AYUSH centers add multi-region operational
                       challenges.
 Economic          •   Rising wellness spending drives premium Ayurvedic product adoption across
                       demographics.
                   •   Herbal raw material volatility, adulteration, and seasonal availability impact costs and
                       supply.
                   •   MSME schemes, PLI incentives support capacity expansion and R&D investment.
                   •   E-commerce/D2C growth and export benefits offset import dependence and forex risks.
 Social            •   Cultural acceptance and preventive wellness trends support mainstream Ayurveda
                       adoption.
                   •   Urban millennials seek immunity, stress relief, and personalized formulations.
                   •   Chronic disease prevalence boosts demand for rasayana and adaptogenic therapies.
                   •   Brand trust and practitioner credibility drive repeat purchases and adherence.
 Technological     •   Scientific validation and standardization enhance product credibility and premium
                       positioning.
                   •   Automation in extraction, tabletization improves manufacturing scale and consistency.
                   •   Digital platforms enable dosha assessments, telemedicine, and subscription models.
                   •   AI personalization and blockchain traceability strengthen compliance and engagement.
 Environmental     •   Sustainable cultivation addresses herbal depletion and biodiversity concerns.
                   •   Organic certifications differentiate premium brands with chemical-free practices.
                   •   EPR regulations drive recyclable packaging adoption.
                   •   Water conservation and waste minimization enhance efficiency and positioning.
 Legal             •   AYUSH standards govern classical formulations; Drugs & Cosmetics Act mandates
                       licensing and GMP.
                   •   FSSAI dual compliance applies for food-classified Ayurvedic products regarding labelling
                       and health claims.
                   •   Advertising and promotional claims are subject to oversight by regulatory authorities and
                       self-regulatory bodies, including FSSAI, Ministry of AYUSH, and ASCI, with increased
                       scrutiny on claims implying cure or guaranteed results.
                   •   Consumer Protection Act prohibits misleading advertising, false claims, and greenwashing.
                   •   WHO-GMP, Ayush Premium Mark, and intellectual property protections safeguard
                       exports, formulations, and proprietary processes

6. Government Initiatives and Policy Support

The nutraceuticals and Ayurveda industries in India operate within a structured and evolving policy environment
that encompasses food safety regulation, traditional medicine governance, manufacturing quality standards,
institutional healthcare integration, and export facilitation. Regulatory oversight for these industries is exercised
through a dual framework, with the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) governing health
supplements and novel foods, and the Ministry of AYUSH regulating traditional formulations, supported by
Schedule M manufacturing norms and WHO-GMP standards. Government policy orientation in this sector is
directed toward strengthening domestic manufacturing capacity, improving regulatory standardization, enabling
participation of MSMEs, integrating traditional systems into public healthcare delivery, and enhancing the global
competitiveness of Indian wellness products.

Nutraceuticals and Ayurveda Industries

 Policy / Initiative       Policy Details                              Industry Impact
 Union Budget FY25–        Budgetary allocation to the Ministry of     Supports public healthcare integration of
 26      –  AYUSH          AYUSH for institutional infrastructure,     Ayurveda and wellness products; enhances
 Allocation                research, and implementation of             institutional procurement and demand for
                           national programmes, including the          standardized nutraceutical and Ayurvedic
                           National AYUSH Mission.                     formulations.



                                                        153
 National    AYUSH          Continuation of NAM with focus on            Expands access to Ayurveda-based
 Mission (NAM)              AYUSH Health & Wellness Centres              preventive healthcare; creates steady
                            under     Ayushman    Bharat     and         institutional demand for classical and
                            strengthening of AYUSH hospitals and         proprietary formulations.
                            dispensaries.
 Production      Linked     Food      Processing     PLI    covers       Encourages capacity expansion and
 Incentive        (PLI)     nutraceuticals, fortified foods, and         technology upgradation; improves cost
 Schemes                    herbal        formulations;      allied      competitiveness and export readiness of
                            manufacturing incentives support scale-      compliant manufacturers.
                            up and modernization.
 AYUSH                      Development         of         common        Reduces capital intensity for smaller
 Manufacturing              manufacturing and testing infrastructure     manufacturers; enables scale-up of
 Promotion     Scheme       for AYUSH MSMEs with emphasis on             standardized Ayurveda and herbal
 (AMPS)                     GMP compliance, quality assurance,           nutraceutical production.
                            and backward integration.
 PM Formalisation of        Credit-linked       subsidies,     skill     Lowers entry barriers for organized
 Micro            Food      development, and export facilitation         manufacturing; strengthens documentation,
 Processing Enterprises     support for micro food and nutraceutical     certification, and export capability.
 (PMFME)                    enterprises.
 PM Jan Aushadhi            Expansion of Jan Aushadhi Kendras            Strengthens B2G procurement channels;
 Kendra Expansion           with inclusion of select wellness and        supports demand for cost-efficient,
                            nutraceutical products under the public      standardized nutraceutical products through
                            distribution framework.                      institutional supply mechanisms.
 Ayush  Visa    and         Introduction of Ayush Visa for medical       Enhances global credibility of Indian
 AYUSH Quality Mark         and wellness tourism and certification       Ayurveda and wellness products; supports
                            through the AYUSH Premium Mark               export branding and integration with
                            framework.                                   wellness tourism ecosystems.
 Export Promotion and       Export incentives, AYUSHEXCIL                Facilitates access to regulated global
 Trade Facilitation         facilitation, RoDTEP benefits, and           markets; supports regulatory harmonization
                            international cooperation frameworks         and premium positioning of Indian
                            for wellness products.                       nutraceutical and Ayurvedic products.
 NRDC       Technology      Technology transfer initiatives by the       Improves access to proven technologies and
 Transfer Programmes        National      Research    Development        formulations; supports R&D-led product
                            Corporation for validated AYUSH and          development and commercialization for
                            nutraceutical     formulations     and       organized manufacturers.
                            processes.


Regulatory and Compliance Framework

 Regulation               Regulatory Requirement                         Industry Impact
 FSSAI                    Central licensing, approved ingredient         Establishes consumer safety and quality
 Nutraceutical            schedules,     labeling      norms,     and    benchmarks; differentiates organized,
 Regulations              substantiation of health claims; prohibition   compliant manufacturers from unregulated
                          of disease-cure claims.                        participants.
 AYUSH Regulatory         GMP compliance, formulation standards,         Improves product consistency and clinical
 Standards                stability testing, and documentation           credibility; enables participation in
                          requirements under the Drugs and               institutional procurement and export
                          Cosmetics Act.                                 markets.
 CDSCO Oversight          Regulatory clarification of food–drug          Reduces misclassification risk; strengthens
 on           Product     boundary and post-market surveillance for      regulatory certainty and integrity of health
 Classification           borderline products.                           claims.


                                                         154
 ICMR–NIN        RDA     Recommended Dietary Allowance norms              Improves formulation discipline and safety
 Framework               governing nutrient limits for formulation        compliance; facilitates standardization and
                         and labeling of nutraceutical products.          smoother regulatory approvals.
 Schedule M        and   Manufacturing       hygiene, validation          Raises entry barriers and favors scale-
 WHO-GMP                 protocols, quality management systems,           oriented manufacturers with compliant
                         and third-party audits.                          infrastructure; supports global regulatory
                                                                          acceptance.
 Quality Council of      NABCB-accredited quality and GMP                 Enhances audit readiness and export
 India          (QCI)    audits for food, nutraceutical, and AYUSH        acceptance; strengthens credibility in
 Certifications          manufacturing facilities.                        regulated domestic and international
                                                                          markets.
 Digital     Personal    Data governance and security requirements        Increases compliance requirements for
 Data      Protection    for digital sales platforms, teleconsultation,   D2C and digital distribution models;
 Rules, 2025             and consumer engagement systems.                 encourages secure IT and documentation
                                                                          frameworks.


Policy Implications for the Industry

The integration of AYUSH and wellness products into public healthcare systems supports stable, non-cyclical
institutional demand for nutraceutical and Ayurvedic products. Policy emphasis on Good Manufacturing Practices,
quality assurance, and documentation requirements is accelerating industry consolidation and formalization by
favoring compliant and organized manufacturers. Government initiatives providing credit access, common
manufacturing infrastructure, and technology transfer support are improving scalability and regulatory compliance
capabilities of MSMEs. In parallel, regulatory harmonization, quality certification frameworks, and export
facilitation measures are strengthening India’s positioning in global nutraceutical and Ayurveda markets.
The coordinated policy framework encompassing healthcare integration, manufacturing incentives, regulatory
standardization, MSME support, technology transfer, and export facilitation is strengthening the operating
environment for the nutraceuticals and Ayurveda industries in India. The regulatory emphasis on quality
compliance, evidence-based validation, and institutional procurement favors organized manufacturers and is
expected to support sustained domestic and international demand while accelerating industry formalization and
global competitiveness.

7. Technology and Digital Transformation in the Industry

Technological progress and digital innovation are reshaping the industrial landscape, driving modernization and
improved performance across sectors. Advancements in digital systems, connectivity, and automation are fostering
greater efficiency, adaptability, and integration. Collectively, these developments are enabling a more resilient,
future-ready, and competitive industrial ecosystem.

7A. Nutraceuticals and Ayurveda Industry

Various Technological and Digital Transformation in the Nutraceuticals Industry are:

1.   AI-Powered Formulation Development and Biomarker Screening
     High-throughput AI models identify optimal ingredient combinations, evaluate synergistic effects, and optimize
     bioavailability pathways. Machine learning predicts efficacy across age, lifestyle, and health conditions,
     accelerating R&D timelines from concept to clinical validation. This drives faster product launches and supports
     premiumization based on scientifically optimized formulations.

2.   Personalized Nutrition Algorithms and Subscription Platform
     AI evaluates genetic, metabolic, lifestyle, and health data to deliver individualized supplement regimens. D2C
     platforms leverage predictive analytics for dynamic reordering, subscription management, and adherence
     tracking. Personalized protocols increase customer retention, build brand loyalty, and differentiate offerings in
     a competitive market.

3.   Nano-Encapsulation and Precision Delivery Technologies


                                                         155
     Nanotechnology enhances solubility and bioavailability of probiotics, liposomal vitamins, and herbal actives.
     Smart delivery systems release nutrients in response to physiological triggers, ensuring targeted efficacy and
     improved absorption. This innovation supports premium pricing, reduces dosage requirements, and enhances
     therapeutic outcomes relative to conventional delivery methods.

4.   Blockchain and QR Traceability for Supply Chain Integrity
     Blockchain enables full traceability from raw material sourcing to finished supplements, ensuring GMP
     compliance, counterfeit prevention, and regulatory adherence. QR-enabled packaging provides batch-level
     transparency and clinical validation data to consumers. This strengthens global market acceptance and protects
     brand reputation in domestic and export segments.

5.   Automation and Predictive Manufacturing Systems
     Industry 4.0 robotics, IoT-enabled sensors, and AI-driven predictive maintenance optimize production
     efficiency, reduce downtime, and ensure consistent quality. Real-time analytics monitor tablet compression,
     encapsulation, and packaging, guaranteeing compliance with international standards. Automation enables
     scale-up for mass-market nutraceuticals while maintaining premium product quality.

7B. Ayurveda Industry

Various Technological and Digital Transformation in the Ayurveda Industry are:

1.   AI-Driven Dosha Assessment and Personalized Treatment Plans
     AI algorithms integrate patient history, pulse readings, diet, lifestyle, and genomic data to generate precise
     dosha profiles and bespoke Ayurvedic prescriptions. Teleconsultation platforms provide automated follow-ups,
     dosage tracking, and regimen reminders. This enables remote patient access, reduces dependency on urban
     clinics, and drives scale for digital wellness services. Personalized prescriptions also enhance patient adherence
     and support premiumization of therapy packages.

2.   Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission (ABDM) Integration
     Integration with ABDM provides electronic health records, interoperable data sharing, and telemedicine
     capabilities. Ayurvedic practitioners can track treatment outcomes, synchronize patient care with modern
     medical diagnostics, and participate in government-led preventive health initiatives. This ensures continuity of
     care, supports evidence-based adoption of Ayurveda, and enhances credibility with institutional buyers and
     insurers.

3.   Automation in Herbal Extraction and GMP Manufacturing
     Robotic extraction, tabletization, capsule filling, and precision dosing ensure standardized preparation of
     classical and proprietary formulations. Automated quality control systems monitor active ingredient
     concentrations, microbial limits, and batch uniformity. These technologies reduce human error, enhance GMP
     compliance, increase production scale, and improve export readiness by meeting WHO-GMP and AYUSH
     Premium Mark standards.

4.   Clinical Validation Platforms and Research Digitization
     Cloud-based and AI-powered research platforms facilitate literature mining, clinical trial design, biomarker
     identification, and real-time data analysis for rasayana and herbal formulations. Digital repositories catalog
     traditional texts, enabling integration of ancient knowledge with modern evidence-based research. These
     platforms accelerate product validation, support regulatory approvals, and enable premium pricing for
     scientifically validated therapies.

5.   Blockchain Traceability for Herbal Supply Chains
     Blockchain ensures end-to-end traceability from farm to finished product, tracking provenance, cultivation
     practices, and processing conditions. QR-enabled packaging allows consumers and regulators to verify
     authenticity, batch details, and compliance certifications. This reduces risks of adulteration and counterfeiting,
     supports export compliance, and strengthens consumer trust in Ayurvedic brands.

8. Competitive Landscape- Nutraceutical & Ayurvedic Industry
Entry barriers in the regulated nutraceuticals and Ayurvedic formulations segment are moderate to high. New
entrants are required to invest in compliant manufacturing facilities, qualified technical and quality personnel,
formulation development capabilities, and ongoing regulatory compliance under FSSAI, AYUSH, and allied

                                                         156
frameworks. In addition, building acceptance among medical practitioners and institutional customers requires
sustained engagement, product consistency, and demonstrated quality standards, which typically lengthen market
entry timelines and limit rapid scale-up by new participants.

Key Factors Shaping Competition are:

1.   Manufacturing Infrastructure and Supply Chain Capabilities
     Robust GMP-compliant facilities and reliable herbal/botanical supply chains are critical for meeting demand
     surges in nutraceuticals and Ayurvedic formulations. Companies with automated extraction units, climate-
     controlled storage, and backward integration into cultivation ensure quality consistency and scalability,
     particularly for perishable actives and classical rasayana preparations. Strong infrastructure enables efficient
     order fulfillment, cost optimization, and faster time-to-market for high-demand products.

2.   Regulatory Compliance and Quality Standardization
     Compliance with FSSAI, AYUSH, GMP standards, and health claim substantiation creates significant entry
     barriers. Leading companies invest in clinical validation labs, dual FSSAI-AYUSH approvals, and WHO-GMP
     certifications for exports, enhancing premium positioning and consumer trust. Smaller players face challenges
     in keeping pace with evolving labeling requirements, adulteration control, and regulatory enforcement,
     influencing market share and long-term credibility.

3.   Strategic Partnerships with Healthcare Brands and Retail Channels
     Collaborations with hospitals, pharmacies, D2C platforms, and organized retail chains secure distribution and
     co-branded product development. These partnerships facilitate customized formulations—such as dosha-
     specific Ayurveda or biomarker-targeted nutraceuticals—and long-term supply contracts, improving both
     market reach and clinical validation credibility. Strong alliances also provide early insights into consumer trends
     and enable responsive product innovation.

4.   Geographic Reach and Institutional Penetration
     Nationwide presence through AYUSH centers, hospital chains, wellness tourism hubs, and tier-2/3 city
     penetration allows companies to capture both urban premium and rural mass markets. Institutional supply to
     government health programs and hospital networks enhances brand visibility, ensures stable demand, and
     supports scale economics. Firms with extensive distribution networks achieve superior lead-time management
     and market coverage.

5.   Digital Transformation and Technological Integration
     AI-driven personalization (dosha assessment apps, genetic nutrition algorithms), blockchain traceability,
     telemedicine platforms, and automated manufacturing differentiate leading players. Digital D2C subscriptions,
     QR-based authenticity verification, and cloud-enabled inventory management enhance operational efficiency,
     strengthen direct consumer relationships, and ensure export compliance. Technology adoption drives both
     product credibility and scalable market expansion.

6.   R&D Capabilities and Evidence-Based Innovation
     Investment in bioavailability enhancement (nano-encapsulation, liposomal delivery), clinical trials, and
     proprietary formulations creates defensible competitive moats. Companies integrating traditional Ayurvedic
     knowledge with modern scientific validation lead in premiumization, while others remain commoditized in
     generic herbal or functional segments. Evidence-based innovation enhances efficacy claims, supports
     regulatory approvals, and builds long-term consumer trust.

Competitive Approaches Adopted by Leading Players in the Nutraceuticals and Ayurveda Industries:

1.   Backward Integration into Raw Material Sourcing
     Leading players establish contract farming, in-house cultivation centers, and proprietary herbal extract facilities
     to ensure consistent quality, mitigate adulteration risks, and reduce price volatility. Companies such as
     Himalaya, Dabur, and OZiva secure key botanicals like ashwagandha and turmeric through dedicated farms
     and GMP-certified processing units, strengthening supply chain reliability and product authenticity.

2.   Clinical Validation and Science-Backed Branding
     Market leaders invest in third-party clinical trials, bioavailability studies, and published research to substantiate
     health claims. Patanjali, Kapiva, and HealthKart position their products as clinically validated through

                                                           157
     collaborations with ICMR-approved labs, bridging traditional Ayurvedic formulations with modern scientific
     evidence while ensuring FSSAI compliance, enhancing consumer trust, and supporting premium pricing.

3.   Digital-First D2C and Subscription Models
     Companies leverage AI-driven personalization platforms, subscription boxes, and QR traceability to build
     direct consumer engagement. Platforms enable dosha assessments, genetic nutrition matching, and automated
     reordering, bypassing traditional retail margins. Kapiva Ayurveda, OZiva, and Wellbeing Nutrition exemplify
     this approach, strengthening brand loyalty and enhancing scalability in both urban and semi-urban markets.

4.   Export-Led Growth with Global Certifications
     Leading players actively pursue WHO-GMP, US FDA, and EU novel food approvals to access premium
     international markets. Himalaya Wellness and Organic India leverage Ayush Premium Mark certifications and
     standardized rasayana extracts to target wellness-conscious consumers abroad, driving long-term growth and
     global brand recognition.

5.   Strategic Acquisitions and Portfolio Diversification
     Major companies expand through targeted acquisitions and multi-category product portfolios to create cross-
     selling synergies and defensive market positioning. Examples include Himalaya entering nutraceutical
     segments, Dabur acquiring Aviva for women’s health, and Zydus acquiring Farmmi for organic sourcing,
     enabling broader market coverage across supplements, functional beverages, and topicals while strengthening
     operational scale.

Key Barriers to Entry in the Nutraceuticals and Ayurveda Industries:

1.   High Capital Intensity and Technological Investment
     Setting up manufacturing facilities for nutraceuticals and Ayurvedic formulations requires significant
     investment in GMP-compliant plants, automated extraction units, encapsulation/tabletization lines, and quality
     control laboratories. Advanced technology for clinical validation, bioavailability enhancement, and digital
     traceability further raises initial entry costs, creating a substantial barrier for new players compared to
     established firms operating at scale.

2.   Raw Material Dependence and Price Volatility
     Both industries rely heavily on botanical, herbal, and specialty ingredients, with limited domestic availability
     and dependence on imports for key actives. Price fluctuations, seasonal variability, and quality inconsistency
     introduce margin pressures, while incumbents mitigate risk through backward integration, contract farming,
     and long-term supply agreements, reinforcing the entry barrier for newcomers.

3.   Regulatory Compliance, Standardization, and Brand Trust
     Stringent FSSAI and AYUSH regulations, GMP mandates, health claim substantiation, and export certifications
     (WHO-GMP, US FDA, EU Novel Food) impose significant compliance requirements. New entrants face high
     costs to achieve regulatory approvals, clinical validation, and dual AYUSH-FSSAI compliance, while
     established brands benefit from consumer trust, practitioner credibility, and long-term institutional partnerships.

4.   Economies of Scale and Distribution Network Advantages
     Incumbent players leverage integrated manufacturing, high-volume production, and nationwide distribution
     channels—including D2C platforms, hospitals, retail chains, and wellness centers—to achieve cost
     competitiveness and consistent product availability. Smaller or new entrants with limited capacity struggle to
     match pricing, absorb raw material volatility, or establish wide-reaching supply networks.

5. Innovation Pressure and Sustainability Compliance
   Rapid technological evolution toward evidence-based formulations, digital personalization, eco-friendly
   packaging, and EPR-compliant production demands continuous R&D investment. New entrants must adopt
   advanced extraction technologies, smart delivery systems, and sustainable sourcing practices to remain
   competitive. Delayed innovation or non-compliance risks obsolescence, reputational damage, and exclusion
   from institutional or export markets.
Key trends driving consolidation across Nutraceutical and Ayurvedic Industry Sector:

1.   Mergers, Acquisitions, and Strategic Alliances


                                                          158
     Leading companies pursue mergers and acquisitions to expand portfolios across dietary supplements, herbal
     formulations, and classical rasayana products, achieving economies of scale in GMP manufacturing and
     distribution. Strategic partnerships with global wellness brands accelerate international market entry, while
     domestic consolidations strengthen supply chain control, brand equity, and market share.

2.   Backward and Forward Value Chain Integration
     Firms are increasingly integrating operations from herbal cultivation and extraction to D2C delivery and
     institutional supply. Backward integration through contract farming secures quality botanicals and mitigates
     raw material volatility, while forward integration into digital platforms, retail networks, and healthcare
     institutions ensures end-to-end efficiency, traceability, and regulatory compliance.

3.   Private Equity and Institutional Investment Surge
     The sector is witnessing growing interest from private equity, venture capital, and strategic investors targeting
     companies with automated production facilities, clinical validation capabilities, and sustainable sourcing.
     Capital inflows support R&D in bioavailability enhancement, premium product development, capacity
     expansion, and export readiness, thereby favouring well-capitalized consolidators over fragmented,
     unorganized players.

4.   Technological Upgradation and Digital Transformation
     Adoption of AI-driven personalization, blockchain-based supply chain traceability, and nano-encapsulation
     delivery systems creates technological moats for industry leaders. Digital D2C platforms, telemedicine
     integration, and automated GMP-compliant manufacturing lines enable scalability, direct consumer
     engagement, and premium positioning, reinforcing competitive advantage and making tech-forward brands
     attractive for strategic acquisition.

5.   Regulatory Compliance and Sustainability Focus
     Compliance with FSSAI/AYUSH standards, WHO-GMP certifications, and EPR mandates is a key
     consolidation driver. Investments in organic sourcing, recyclable packaging, and green manufacturing
     processes strengthen market credibility and operational resilience, allowing compliant players to consolidate
     market share while marginalizing non-standardized competitors.

9. Peer Benchmarking

Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited

The nutraceuticals and Ayurvedic products industry comprises players operating under diverse business models,
including mass-market OTC wellness brands, digital-first direct-to-consumer players, and prescription-adjacent,
practitioner-led formulation companies. Peer benchmarking in this report has been undertaken to provide industry
context across these models. However, differences in regulatory intensity, go-to-market strategy, customer base,
and product positioning should be considered while interpreting such comparisons.

For the peer comparison of Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited, the following companies have been selected: Jeena
Sikho Lifecare Limited and Sandu Pharmaceuticals Limited. These peers were chosen based on the similarity of
their product portfolios, their established market presence, and comparable operational scale within the
nutraceuticals and Ayurveda-related manufacturing segment.

•    Jeena Sikho Lifecare Limited
     Jeena Sikho Lifecare Limited, incorporated in 2017, operates in the Ayurvedic healthcare segment with a focus
     on herbal formulations and wellness-oriented products. The company is engaged in the manufacture and
     marketing of Ayurvedic medicines, nutraceutical supplements, and wellness products under its proprietary
     brand. Its operations are supported by regulated manufacturing practices and a growing emphasis on direct-to-
     consumer and digital distribution channels, primarily catering to the domestic market.

•    Sandu Pharmaceuticals Limited
     Sandu Pharmaceuticals Limited is an India-based Ayurvedic pharmaceutical company engaged in the
     manufacture and marketing of classical and proprietary Ayurvedic formulations. The company’s product
     portfolio comprises oils, syrups, powders, tablets, and other traditional dosage forms addressing therapeutic
     areas such as respiratory health, digestive disorders, liver care, and lifestyle-related conditions. Sandu
     Pharmaceuticals operates manufacturing facilities compliant with applicable Ayurvedic GMP requirements and

                                                         159
     distributes its products through a network of pharmacies, distributors, and Ayurvedic practitioners across India.
     The company emphasizes adherence to classical Ayurvedic principles supported by standardized manufacturing
     practices to ensure product quality and consistency.

10. Company’s Positioning & SWOT Analysis

Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited (“Himalaya Nutravedics” or “the Company”), incorporated on 16 June 2022
and headquartered at Plot No. 101A, Phase-III, IDA, Cherlapally, Hyderabad, Telangana – 500051, is engaged in
the formulation and manufacture of Ayurvedic and nutraceutical products. The Company’s product portfolio is
focused on condition-oriented formulations across fertility, maternal health, bone and joint care, metabolic
disorders, urology, paediatrics, neurocognitive health and general wellness. The Company’s products are positioned
for prescription-adjacent usage and are primarily marketed to medical practitioners across specialties such as
gynaecology, orthopaedics, nephrology, paediatrics, diabetology and general medicine through a doctor-led and
pharmacy-based distribution network.

The Company operates a WHO-cGMP and Schedule M compliant manufacturing facility certified under ISO
9001:2015, ISO 22000:2018, FSSAI, AYUSH (License T-2129Ayur approving 107 Shastric/Anubhuta
formulations), Halal and Kosher standards, and is subject to periodic audits by certification bodies and institutional
clients (specific audit counts for FY23-FY25 unavailable). The facility supports pharmaceutical-grade
manufacturing across multiple dosage forms, including softgel (300,000 units/8-hr shift, ~70% utilisation), tablet
(200,000 units/8-hr shift, ~40% utilisation), hard-gelatin capsule (200,000 units/8-hr shift, ~25% utilisation), syrup
and powder lines.

The Company has developed 59 product SKUs comprising 32 classical Ayurvedic formulations, 12 proprietary
formulations and 15 nutraceutical products (AYUSH Product Retention Certificate T-2129Ayur listing 107
approved formulations). The pipeline includes approximately 15 additional classical Ayurvedic formulations under
development during H1 FY26. The Company integrates classical Ayurvedic ingredients with nutraceutical actives
such as botanical extracts, vitamins, minerals, fatty acids, probiotics and specialty compounds for clinical indications
including infertility, recurrent urinary tract conditions, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, anaemia, developmental and
cognitive support, and cardiometabolic health.

The Company follows a dual revenue model comprising own-branded products and contract manufacturing for
third-party clients, having formulated approximately 30 unique formulations for multiple pharmaceutical and
Ayurveda-focused companies since incorporation.
The Company is developing sugar-free Ayurvedic syrups for cough, gas, liver and kidney support, alongside
infertility-related products targeting urinary tract infections and PCOD. Export expansion is underway with active
stakeholder discussions.

The Company’s manufacturing footprint, formulation capability, compliance focus and diversified revenue streams
position it as an emerging player in the organised Ayurvedic and nutraceutical manufacturing segment. The
Company’s manufacturing scale, formulation capability and R&D competency, combined with its ability to reliably
supply large quantities, are key growth enablers. Based on internal operating metrics and growth trajectory, the
Company has established a strong growth profile in terms of revenue, production scale and client base since
inception.

SWOT Analysis

 Strengths                                                   Weaknesses
 (Internal / Competitive Advantages)                         (Internal / Limitations)

 •    Integrated Ayurvedic–Nutraceutical Positioning –       •    Limited Operating Vintage and Brand Legacy
      Operates across classical AYUSH and modern                  – Incorporated in 2022, shorter operating history
      nutraceuticals,    enabling   participation   in            compared to established peers may constrain
      prescription-adjacent therapies and preventive              institutional tie-ups and prescriber loyalty.
      health segments.
                                                             •    Single-Site Manufacturing Dependence –
 •    Regulatory-Compliant               Manufacturing            Concentration in one facility could impact supply
      Infrastructure – WHO-cGMP, ISO 9001:2015, and               continuity in case of operational or regulatory
      Schedule M-compliant facility at IDA Cherlapally            disruptions.



                                                          160
    ensures pharmaceutical-grade production and             •   Prescription-Centric Go-to-Market – Primary
    quality consistency.                                        reliance on doctor-led and pharmacy-based
                                                                channels limits direct-to-consumer reach and e-
•   Broad, Condition-Focused Product Portfolio –                commerce penetration.
    Covers fertility, maternal health, bone & joint care,
    nephrology/urology, anemia, metabolic disorders,        •   Regulatory and Compliance Complexity –
    pediatrics, cognitive health, and general wellness,         Operating in AYUSH and nutraceutical segments
    enabling cross-prescription opportunities.                  requires continuous adherence to evolving FSSAI,
                                                                AYUSH, and advertising regulations.
•   Clinical Formulation Design – Combines
    Ayurvedic botanicals (Cissus quadrangularis,
    Boswellia, Curcumin) with evidence-backed
    nutraceuticals (CoQ10, DHA, omega-3, probiotics,
    vitamins, collagen) to enhance differentiation.

•   Pan-India Brand Presence – Products distributed in
    many states provide early brand visibility across
    regional prescription markets.

•   Dual Revenue Model: Branded Products &
    Contract Manufacturing – Own-brand and third-
    party manufacturing diversifies revenue streams
    and improves capacity utilization.


Opportunities                                               Threats
(External / Market Realities)                               (External / Sector Challenges)

•   Rising Demand for Preventive & Integrative              •   Intense Competition – Large established
    Healthcare – Increased focus on chronic disease             Ayurvedic        companies,         FMCG-backed
    management and wellness supports condition-                 nutraceutical brands, and regional players can
    specific nutraceutical and Ayurvedic therapies.             impact pricing, prescriber share, and shelf space.

•   Expansion into Untapped Domestic Markets –              •   Regulatory Tightening – Stricter norms on
    Potential to deepen penetration in Tier-2/3 towns           health claims, labeling, and evidence requirements
    and remaining Indian states through additional              could increase compliance costs and delay product
    medical reps, channel partners, and hospital                launches.
    engagement.
                                                            •   Raw Material & Supply-Chain Volatility –
•   Institutional and Corporate Health Segments –               Dependence on botanical extracts and imported
    WHO‑GMP and ISO-certified status supports                   nutraceutical actives exposes the Company to
    entry into hospitals, fertility centers, orthopedic         price and availability risks.
    chains, and wellness programs requiring
    documentation and quality assurance.                    •   Changing Prescriber & Consumer Preferences
                                                                – Shift toward single-ingredient, “clean-label”
•   Export and OEM Supply Potential –                           products or competing therapeutic options may
    Manufacturing compliance allows supply to semi-             reduce demand for complex combination
    regulated and regulated export markets, subject to          formulations.
    approvals.

•   Product Line Extensions & New Indications –
    Existing platforms (CoQ10, omega-3, collagen,
    probiotics, Ayurvedic ghritas) provide scope for
    extension into sugar-free, geriatric, pediatric,
    sports nutrition, and metabolic segments. In
    addition, the Company has an ongoing product-
    development pipeline with new SKUs under
    evaluation across fertility, bone & joint,
    nephrology, metabolic health, and paediatrics,


                                                        161
     subject to internal approvals and regulatory
     clearances.

 •   Digital & Omni-Channel Brand Building – Scope
     for e-commerce, tele-consultation tie-ups, and
     patient-education campaigns to strengthen brand
     recall and adherence in chronic therapy segments.


11. Future Outlook

India's nutraceuticals and Ayurveda industries are expected to experience sustained growth, supported by rising
health awareness, increasing adoption of preventive healthcare, and India's established position in plant-based
wellness. The Indian nutraceuticals market, valued at USD 30.4 billion in 2024, is projected to grow at a CAGR of
13.6–15.9% through 2030, reaching USD 74.66 billion, driven by functional foods, probiotics, herbal extracts, and
personalized nutrition amid urbanization and increasing e-commerce penetration. Alongside consumer-led demand,
practitioner-driven adoption through allopathic, AYUSH, and institutional healthcare channels is expected to
contribute to stable, recurring demand for condition-specific and prescription-adjacent formulations.

The Ayurveda sector, valued at over USD 50 billion in 2024, with the Ayurvedic products segment growing from
USD 7.84 billion in 2022 to USD 21.19 billion by 2028 at a CAGR of 19.3%, is projected to reach USD 200 billion
by 2030 at approximately 17% CAGR. Growth is supported by rising domestic demand, FY25 exports of USD 689
million (+5.9%), and expansion in wellness tourism from USD 19.43 billion in 2024 to USD 29.88 billion by 2031.
Institutional adoption through government healthcare facilities, AYUSH centres, and integrative medicine practices
is expected to support demand continuity beyond discretionary consumer spending cycles.

Technology-led developments are expected to support growth across both sectors. Nutraceutical manufacturers are
increasingly adopting digital formulation tools, supply-chain traceability solutions, and precision processing
technologies, while Ayurveda manufacturing is focusing on standardized herb sourcing, GMP-compliant facilities,
and enhanced quality monitoring to ensure consistency, safety, and scalability. These advancements also support
practitioner confidence, clinical consistency, and institutional procurement requirements.

AI-enabled personalized nutrition platforms, tele-consultation integration with e-pharmacies, and the growing use
of wearables and health-tracking devices are driving adoption of supplements targeted at sleep, stress management,
and metabolic health. These technologies facilitate personalized recommendations, health-parameter monitoring,
and subscription-based replenishment models, supporting both consumer engagement and practitioner-guided
therapy adherence across urban and semi-urban markets.

Sustainability and regulatory compliance remain central to long-term industry development. Nutraceutical
companies are increasingly aligning with organic, non-GMO, and clean-label requirements, along with recyclable
and compliant packaging in line with FSSAI norms. Ayurveda manufacturers are formalizing raw-material sourcing
through Good Agricultural

Practices, standardized cultivation, and structured quality protocols to meet domestic and global regulatory
expectations required for practitioner-led prescribing and export markets.

Responsible sourcing of herbs through contract farming, farmer linkages, and biodiversity-conscious cultivation
practices supports supply-chain resilience while mitigating environmental impact. Manufacturers are adopting
waste-reduction and zero-waste initiatives at production facilities and implementing Extended Producer
Responsibility (EPR) frameworks for packaging waste management. Responsible communication practices, aligned
with FSSAI and ASCI guidelines, emphasize evidence-based claims and transparent labelling, supporting
practitioner confidence, consumer trust, and regulatory compliance.

Policy support is expected to further reinforce industry growth. The Ministry of AYUSH budget for FY26 increased
to ₹3,992.9 crore (+14.2%), complemented by initiatives including WHO ICHI modules, AB-PMJAY integration,
Production-Linked Incentives, and PMKSY/PMFME schemes. These measures support R&D, MSME
formalization, employment generation, practitioner integration into public healthcare, and deeper penetration into
tier-2 and tier-3 markets.




                                                       162
While challenges such as raw-material price volatility, regulatory compliance requirements, and quality-assurance
costs persist, favourable demographics, expanding digital distribution channels, growing practitioner adoption,
increasing global demand, and India's cost-competitive manufacturing base are expected to underpin long-term
growth. Over the coming decade, the nutraceuticals and Ayurveda industries are positioned to expand both
domestically and internationally, supported by a balanced mix of consumer-led demand, practitioner-driven
prescriptions, structured market development, and sustained policy support.




                         (The remainder of this page has been kept intentionally blank)




                                                      163
                                              BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Some of the information in this section, including information with respect to our business plans and strategies,
contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read the section titled
“Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 24 for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to
those statements and also the sections titled “Risk Factors”, “Industry Overview”, “Summary of Financial
Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
beginning on pages 26, 125, 61 and 236 respectively, as well as financial and other information contained in this
Draft Red Herring Prospectus as a whole, for a discussion of certain factors that may affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by
these forward-looking statements. Our fiscal year ends on March 31 of each year, and references to a particular
fiscal year are to the twelve months ended March 31 of that year.
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this section to “our Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our” are to
Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited.
Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included in this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus for the Fiscals ended 2026, 2025 and 2024 are derived from our Restated Financial Statement.
Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section have been derived from the report titled
“Blending Nature and Science: Nutraceuticals and Ayurveda Industry” dated May 15, 2026 (the “Infomerics
Report”) prepared and issued by Infomerics Analytics & Research who were appointed pursuant to the mandate
letter dated November 11, 2025, and exclusively commissioned by and paid for by our Company exclusively in
connection with this Public Issue for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in which we
operate. The data included herein includes excerpts from the Infomerics Report and may have been re-ordered by
us for the purposes of presentation. The Infomerics Report will form part of the material documents for inspection
and a copy of the Infomerics Report is available on the website of our Company at www.himalayanutravedics.com
unless otherwise indicated, operational, industry and other related information included herein with respect to any
particular year refers to such information for the relevant fiscal year. For further details, please refer to the section
titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 26 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We have used information from
the Infomerics Report which we commissioned for industry data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and any
reliance on such information is subject to inherent risks on page 52.
For definitions of technical and industry related terms used in this section, please refer to the chapter titled
“Definitions and Abbreviations – Company and Industry Related Terms or Abbreviations” beginning on page 14
of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Our Company, Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited (the “Company”), is engaged in the manufacturing, marketing
and distribution of Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical formulations in India and also undertakes third-party contract
manufacturing for other Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical companies. Our Company manufactures a diversified portfolio
comprising classical (Shastric) Ayurvedic formulations, which are based on compositions and processes described
in traditional Ayurvedic texts, proprietary Ayurvedic formulations and Nutraceutical products across multiple
dosage forms, including soft gelatin capsules, hard gelatin capsules, tablets, Liquid orals, Medicated oils.
The Ayurvedic formulations and nutraceuticals industry is a specialised segment within India’s pharmaceutical and
wellness ecosystem, covering the manufacture of Ayurvedic, herbal, and dietary supplements under NIC divisions
for pharmaceuticals, AYUSH products, and food preparations. (Source: Infomerics Report)
Our Company was originally incorporated as “Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited”, as a private limited
company, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 pursuant to certificate of incorporation dated June 16,
2022. Our Company converted into “Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited”, a public limited company vide fresh
certificate of incorporation dated December 12, 2025. Our Company commenced its manufacturing operations in
September 2022 from its facility located in Cherlapally, Hyderabad, Telangana. During the initial phase of
operations, revenues were primarily derived from third-party manufacturing arrangements. Over time, our Company
has expanded its presence as an Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical company, with a steadily increasing contribution from
its own products. In 2025, our Company was also recognised as a “Startup” by the Department for Promotion of
Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT), Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India.

Our Company operates through a hybrid business model that balances its own formulations with third-party
manufacturing operations. Under our own-brand business segment, we formulate, manufacture and market products



                                                          164
across three categories: classical Ayurvedic formulations, proprietary Ayurvedic formulations and nutraceutical
supplements. A summary of our own-brand product offerings is set out below:

 Classical Ayurvedic formulations are products manufactured strictly in accordance with formulations and
 processes described in authoritative Ayurvedic texts recognised under the Ministry of Ayush, Government of
 India. These products follow prescribed compositions and preparation methodologies without deviation and
 are regulated by the Ministry of Ayush, Government of India.

 Classical formulations are traditionally indicated for specific therapeutic uses as recognised in such texts.

 Proprietary Ayurvedic formulations (also referred to as patent or proprietary medicines) are formulated based
 on Ayurvedic principles using permitted Ayurvedic ingredients, but are not described verbatim in classical
 texts. These formulations reflect our Company’s in-house formulation and product positioning strategy and
 are regulated under the AYUSH framework upon receipt of applicable product approvals.

 Proprietary formulations enable product differentiation across therapeutic categories while remaining within
 the regulatory ambit applicable to Ayurvedic medicines.

 Nutraceutical supplements comprise products formulated using vitamins, minerals, herbal extracts, amino
 acids and other permitted ingredients intended to support general health, wellness and preventive care. These
 products are regulated under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 and applicable regulations issued by
 the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI).

 Nutraceutical products are positioned for nutritional supplementation and wellness support and are not
 marketed as medicinal products.

While our branded business supports our ownership and product positioning, third-party manufacturing contributes
to capacity utilization and revenue stability.

Growth in the nutraceuticals industry is supported by shifting consumer preferences toward preventive healthcare,
expanding retail and e-commerce distribution, and an increasingly supportive regulatory and policy environment.
(Source: Informerics Report) The nutraceutical industry is supported by a sustained shift toward preventive
healthcare and self-managed wellness. This operating model enables our Company to optimize manufacturing
efficiency while expanding its presence across therapeutic categories including gut health, cardiac and metabolic
wellness, diabetes management, pain management, immunity, women and general wellness.
As of March 31, 2026, our brand business constituting classical Ayurvedic formulations, proprietary Ayurvedic
formulations and nutraceutical supplements contributed approximately ₹2,202.54 Lakhs which is about 51.14% of
Our Company’s total revenues.

Currently, our Company has established a pan-India presence across multiple states, supported by a stockiest-
driven distribution network and an on-ground sales and marketing team comprising approximately 56 personnel,
including regional managers and medical representatives. Currently, our Company follows a doctor-centric, offline
marketing model focused on scientific detailing, continuing medical education programs, medical camps and
relationship-based engagement, rather than mass-media advertising.
Manufacturing Facility
Our Company operates a single, integrated in-house manufacturing facility located in Hyderabad, Telangana, which
is designed for the manufacture of Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical products. All manufacturing activities are
undertaken at this facility, which is compliant with WHO-GMP standards and operates under valid registrations and
licences issued by AYUSH and FSSAI. The facility holds multiple certifications that attest to its adherence to quality
and safety standards, including ISO 9001:2015, ISO 22000:2018, HACCP, HALAL and KOSHER. Our Company
maintains dedicated quality assurance and quality control functions to ensure compliance with applicable
requirements, batch traceability and consistency across products.
The manufacturing facility is fully equipped to support multiple dosage forms, including soft gelatin capsules, hard
gelatin capsules, tablets, liquid orals and Medicated oils. Further, the facility comprises designated areas for raw
material storage, production, in-process material storage, quality control, finished goods storage and administrative
functions.


                                                         165
All key manufacturing activities, including formulation, production, in-process quality checks, packaging and
finished-goods release, are carried out internally. The ability to manufacture a wide range of dosage forms within a
single facility provides operational flexibility and enables our Company to cater to diverse therapeutic categories
and customer requirements.
Financial Performance
Our Company’s operating scale and evolving business mix are reflected in its financial performance over the last
three fiscal years. For the fiscal year 2023-24, Revenue from Operations was ₹1,442.56 lakh, EBITDA was ₹93.54
lakh and Profit after Tax was ₹42.60 lakh. In the fiscal year 2024-25, Revenue from Operations increased to
₹2,099.65 lakh, EBITDA was ₹299.01 lakh and Profit after Tax was ₹223.18 lakh. For the fiscal year 2025-26,
Revenue from Operations was ₹4,306.75 lakh, EBITDA was ₹810.34 lakh and Profit after Tax was ₹738.97 lakh
For more details, please refer to “Summary of Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 61 and 236, respectively, of this
Draft Red Herring Prospectus

BUSINESS MODEL

Our Company operates through a hybrid business model, comprising the manufacture and marketing of products
under its own brands, along with third-party contract manufacturing operations. The own-brand portfolio includes
classical Ayurvedic formulations, proprietary Ayurvedic formulations, and nutraceutical supplements. This model
allows our Company to balance our business and margin expansion with stable manufacturing utilisation and cash
flows. Our Business Model can be categorised as follows:

Our Brand business

Ayurvedic and nutraceutical products support preventive care, chronic disease co-management, and post-treatment
recovery, complementing allopathic therapies in areas such as osteoporosis, arthritis, infertility, anemia, renal
calculi, lifestyle-related metabolic disorders, and pediatric development (Source: Infomerics Report). Under our
business, we develop, manufacture and market a diversified portfolio of products which includes:

•      Classical Ayurvedic formulations, prepared in accordance with established Ayurvedic texts and principles;

•      Proprietary Ayurvedic formulations, developed based on in-house formulation expertise and therapeutic
       positioning; and

•      Nutraceutical supplements, formulated using herbal extracts, vitamins, minerals and other nutraceutical
       ingredients for preventive and lifestyle-related wellness.

The following table provides a broad classification of the Company’s product portfolio based on the nature of
formulations and their intended use:

    Particulars         Classical         Ayurvedic     Proprietary     Ayurvedic     Nutraceutical
                        Formulations                    Formulations                  Supplements
    Nature              Traditional       Ayurvedic     Formulations     developed    Nutritional supplements
                        medicines                       based      on    Ayurvedic
                                                        principles
    Basis         of    Based      on       classical   Developed using Ayurvedic     Based on nutritional science
    Formulation         Ayurvedic texts                 principles and internal       (vitamins, minerals and
                                                        research                      herbal ingredients)
    Composition         Standardized ingredients as     Distinct combinations with    Combination of vitamins,
                        prescribed in classical texts   specific compositions and     minerals and/or herbal
                                                        indications                   ingredients
    Usage           /   Therapeutic use as       per    Indications     determined    General     wellness     and
    Indication          classical indications           based on formulation design   preventive healthcare

Distribution Model: Doctors, Stockists and Super-stockists


The development, manufacturing, quality control, packaging and dispatch of our products are carried out internally
at our Company’s integrated manufacturing facility.

                                                          166
Our products are marketed primarily through a prescription-led, doctor engagement driven, offline sales model.
Under this model, our Company engages healthcare practitioners through its field force, which conducts in-person
interactions to present product information, communicate therapeutic benefits and usage and provide prescription
awareness. These interactions also include scientific detailing, continuing medical education programmes (CMEs),
medical camps and related educational activities. Prescriptions generated through this engagement drive demand at
the retail pharmacy level.

Our Company’s doctor engagement model is supported by a distribution network comprising stockists and super
stockists across its operating geographies. Field representatives coordinate with such channel partners to facilitate
product availability and to align supply with prescription trends.

Distribution of our products follows a stockist-driven model, under which our Company undertakes primary sales
of products to appointed stockists and super stockists, who in turn supply products to retail pharmacies and clinics
based on secondary demand. Stockists are generally appointed at the district or local level, while super stockists
may be engaged at a regional or state level depending on business requirements. This model is supported by our
Company’s field force, which facilitates stockist onboarding, ensures product availability and drives prescription-
led demand through engagement with healthcare practitioners.

Stockists and super stockists are appointed under commercial arrangements that may include defined credit periods,
trade discounts and agreed margin structures, which may vary based on geography, order profile and market
conditions. The Company receives periodic information from stockists relating to inventory levels, primary
purchases and onward sales, which is used for monitoring distribution flow and for operational planning purposes.

In some cases, such as where doctors have in-clinic pharmacies or where it is practical to do so, the Company may
supply products directly to them. These transactions are billed and recorded as part of the Company’s regular billing
process.

As of April 30, 2026, our Company’s products are marketed across various states in India, supported by a sales and
marketing team of approximately 80 personnel.

This business provides our Company with higher margins, greater pricing control and long-term equity. Over time,
our Company has increased its focus on this segment, resulting in a steady increase in the contribution of revenues
to total income.

Third-Party Contract Manufacturing

Our Company undertakes third-party manufacturing for other Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical companies pursuant to
purchase orders received. Under this segment, our Company provides formulations, manufacturing, packaging and
dispatch services based on client specifications.

Third-party manufacturing historically constituted a significant portion of our Company’s revenues and continues
to play an important role by ensuring optimal capacity utilisation of the manufacturing facility and generating stable
cash flows. A substantial portion of this business originates from clients located in Kerala, a key market for
Ayurvedic products.

While the relative contribution of third-party manufacturing has declined as the business of our branded products
have expanded, our Company continues to selectively undertake such manufacturing assignments in line with its
operational capacity and strategic objectives.




                                                         167
                                                                              (₹ in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
                                                      For the period/ fiscal year ended on
                                       March 31, 2026           March 31, 2025               March 31, 2024
 Category                          Total      % Of          Total         % of          Total         % of
                                   Revenue    Total         Revenue       Total         Revenue       Total
                                              Revenue                     Revenue                     Revenue
 Our Brand Business                  2,202.54       51.14       412.49          19.65        404.51         28.04
 Third-Party Manufacturing           2,104.21       48.86     1,687.16          80.35      1,038.05         71.96
 Total                               4,306.75      100.00     2,099.65         100.00      1,442.56       100.00
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 11, 2026.
These products are primarily positioned for prescription-adjacent use by medical practitioners, AYUSH doctors,
and nutritionists, as well as OTC consumption under professional guidance, distinguishing them from mass-market
wellness supplements that are largely driven by discretionary consumer spending, branding, and lifestyle trends
(Source: Infomerics Report)

Our Presence

Our Brand Business

As of March 31, 2026, our Company’s products are marketed across multiple states in India, reflecting a well-
diversified domestic footprint. Revenue contribution is relatively stronger from Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala,
Gujarat, and Uttar Pradesh, driven by established distribution networks and higher penetration in these regions.

Our business is not dependent on any single state or region, thereby reducing concentration risk and enhancing
revenue stability. Our Company continues to focus on deepening its presence in existing markets while selectively
expanding into under-penetrated states to drive sustainable growth.

The map below provides a representation of the cities in India in which our Company currently conducts its branded
business operations:




                            (The remainder of this page has been kept intentionally blank)




                                                           168
Third-Party Manufacturing

Our Company’s third-party manufacturing operations are primarily concentrated in Kerala, which contributes
approximately 90% of the segment’s revenue, supported by long-standing customer relationships and established
manufacturing capabilities. The remaining revenue is derived from other states, providing incremental geographic
diversification.

Management continuously evaluates opportunities to broaden the geographic spread of third-party manufacturing
clients to mitigate regional concentration risk and support scalable growth

Geographical Area Wise Revenue Break up:




                                                      169
                                                                               (₹ in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
 Name of State/Union Territory                 For the period/ fiscal year ended on
                                               March 31, 2026          March 31, 2025        March 31, 2024
                                               Total      %       of Total        %      of Total        %       of
                                               Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue
 Kerala                                        2124.72    49.33        1447.12    68.92      657.42      45.57
 Gujarat                                       568.75     13.21        0.40       0.02       0.31        0.02
 Uttar Pradesh                                 503.18     11.68        66.60      3.17       0.11        0.01
 Telangana                                     408.82     9.49         241.43     11.50      413.77      28.68
 Andhra Pradesh                                269.11     6.25         86.18      4.10       109.09      7.56
 Punjab                                        119.23     2.77         30.46      1.45       20.52       1.42
 Maharashtra / Goa                             85.47      1.98         51.86      2.47       42.00       2.91
 Tamil Nadu                                    53.22      1.24         31.03      1.48       36.41       2.52
 Madhya Pradesh                                37.09      0.86         25.38      1.21       40.93       2.84
 Haryana                                       34.90      0.81         19.34      0.92       19.84       1.38
 Karnataka                                     32.89      0.76         35.58      1.69       41.00       2.84
 Rajasthan                                     32.53      0.76         18.46      0.88       10.65       0.74
 Uttrakhand                                    22.73      0.53         10.67      0.51       3.91        0.27
 West Bengal                                   14.32      0.33         19.21      0.92       13.76       0.95
 Jharkhand                                     0.18       0.00         1.16       0.06       0.00        0.00
 Himachal Pradesh                              0.13       0.00         9.60       0.46       0.00        0.00
 Chhattisgarh                                  0.00       0.00         (1.04)     (0.05)     1.28        0.09
 Assam                                         0.00       0.00         4.04       0.19       31.57       2.19
 Delhi                                         (0.50)     (0.01)       2.15       0.10       0.00        0.00
 Total                                         4,306.75 100.00         2,099.65 100.00       1,442.56 100.00
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 11, 2026.

Key Performance Indicators
The table below sets forth our key performance indicators for Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024:
                                                                                    (₹ in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  Key Performance Indicator                                   For the Year            For the Year      For the Year
                                                              ended on March          ended       on     ended       on
                                                              31, 2026                March             March
                                                                                      31, 2025          31, 2024
 Revenue from operations (Rs. in Lakhs)(1)                  4,306.75                 2,099.65          1,442.56
 EBITDA (Rs. in Lakhs)(2)                                   810.34                   299.01            93.54
 EBITDA margin (%)(3)                                       18.82                    14.24             6.48
 PAT (Rs. in Lakhs)(4)                                      738.97                   223.18            42.60
 Net Profit margin (%)(5)                                   17.16                    10.63             2.95
 Net worth (Rs. in Lakhs)(6)                                1,637.61                 674.75            134.09
 Return on equity (%)(7)                                    63.87                    55.02             37.29
 Return on capital employed (%)(8)                          36.41                    30.18             17.00
 Debt to equity ratio (times)(9)                            0.31                     0.26              2.39
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 15, 2026.
Notes:
    1)   Revenue from operations represents the revenue from sale of product & other operating revenue of our company as
         recognized in the Restated financial statement
    2)   EBITDA means Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, which has been arrived at by
         obtaining the profit before tax/ (loss) for the year / period and adding back interest cost, depreciation, and
         amortization expense less other income.
    3)   EBITDA margin is calculated as EBITDA as a percentage of Revenue from operations.
    4)   Net Profit for the year/period represents the restated profits of the Company after deducting all expenses.
    5)   PAT Margin (%) is calculated as Profit for the year/period as a percentage of Revenue from Operations.
    6)   Net worth attributable to the Equity Shareholders of our Company has been defined as the aggregate value of the
         paid-up equity share capital and all reserves created out of the profits and securities premium account and debit or


                                                            170
         credit balance of profit and loss account, including legal reserve and after deducting, if any the aggregate value of
         the accumulated losses, prepaid expenses, deferred expenditure and miscellaneous expenditure not written off as per
         the Restated Financial Statement, but does not include reserves created out of revaluation of assets and write-back of
         depreciation
    7)   Return on Equity is calculated as Net profit after tax divided by Average Total Equity.
    8)   Return on Capital Employed is calculated as Earnings before interest and taxes divided by capital employed as at the
         end of respective period/year. (Capital employed calculated as the aggregate value of net worth, total debt and
         deferred tax liabilities).
    9)   Debt- equity ratio is calculated by dividing total debt by total equity. Total debt represents long-term and short-term
         borrowings. Total equity is the sum of share capital and reserves & surplus.

OUR PRODUCTS

Our Company’s product portfolio comprises of formulations across multiple dosage forms, including softgel and
hardgel capsules, tablets, liquid orals and medicated oils, which are categorised across various wellness and
therapeutic segments. These products are formulated for use in areas such as digestive health, immunity, metabolic
health, musculoskeletal and joint-related wellness, reproductive vitality, respiratory wellness, pain management and
general wellness. Our Company’s formulations are intended for use across general wellness, nutritional
supplementation and lifestyle-related wellness segments, in accordance with applicable regulatory classifications.

Our Company manufactures products in the following dosage forms:
• Softgels
• Tablets
• Medicated Oils,
• Others (includes Liquid orals, Hardgel capsules, and Protein powders).

The table below provides select examples of our products, along with their descriptions and associated therapeutic
categories:

            Product Category                               Description                      Therapeutic Categories
                                                 Our Company manufactures              These softgel capsules are
                                                 Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical           categorised   across     wellness
                                                 softgel capsule formulations          segments such as digestive health,
                                                 using encapsulation processes         immunity, metabolic health, joint
                                                 suitable for oil/ghee-based and       and bone health and general
                                                 extract-based ingredients. The        wellness.
                                                 softgel portfolio includes
                                                 formulations containing herbal
                                                 extracts, plant-derived oils and
                                                 mineral ingredients, including
                  Softgels                       classical             Ayurvedic
                                                 compositions as well as
                                                 proprietary formulations.
                                                 Our Company manufactures              These tablet formulations are
                                                 Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical           categorized     across    wellness
                                                 tablet formulations using             segments such as digestive
                                                 standardized blending and             wellness, immunity and general
                                                 compression processes. The            wellness,     metabolic      health,
                                                 tablet     portfolio    includes      musculoskeletal and joint-related
                                                 products formulated using             wellness, reproductive vitality and
                                                 herbal      extracts,    mineral      respiratory wellness.
                                                 ingredients and plant-based
                  Tablets                        actives, in line with classical
                                                 Ayurvedic texts as well as
                                                 proprietary        Nutraceutical
                                                 compositions.
                                                 Our Company manufactures              These medicated oils are intended
                                                 medicated Ayurvedic oils              for external application and are
                                                 formulated using classical            categorized under Ayurvedic
                                                 Ayurvedic processing methods          preparations   across     product


                                                             171
             Product Category                           Description                      Therapeutic Categories
                                                such as Taila paka vidhi and        segments such as massage
                                                Sneha paka vidhi.                   applications, general body care and
                                                                                    other recognized external-use
                                                                                    applications.




              Medicated Oils

                                                Our Company’s            product    There formulations are categorized
                                                portfolio      also     includes    for use across general wellness,
                                                hardgels, protein      powders,     nutritional supplementation and
                                                liquid orals etc.                   lifestyle-related wellness segments,
                                                                                    in accordance with applicable
                                                                                    regulatory classifications.




    Liquid Orals           Hardgels




              Protein Powder


Product-wise revenue breakup of our Company
                                                                            (₹ in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
 Products Category                                  For the period/Fiscal ended on
                                March 31, 2026              March 31, 2025               March 31, 2024
                           Total       % of           Total         % of            Total          % of
                           Revenue     Revenue        Revenue       Revenue         Revenue        Revenue
 Softgel Capsules             2,572.61        59.73       1,226.90         58.43         938.99           65.09
 Medicated Oils               1,289.14        29.93         565.60         26.94          46.97            3.26
 Tablets                        331.16         7.69         125.42           5.97        208.40           14.45
 Others*                        113.84         2.64         181.72           8.65        248.20           17.21
 Total                        4,306.75       100.00       2,099.65        100.00       1,442.56         100.00
* Liquid orals, Hardgels, Protein powders.
 Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 11, 2026.




                                                           172
OUR STRENGTHS

1. Integrated multi-dosage manufacturing capability

Our Company operates an integrated manufacturing facility with the capability to manufacture a wide range of
dosage forms, including medicated oils, soft gelatin capsules, hard gelatin capsules, tablets and liquid orals. This
multi-dosage capability allows our Company to address diverse therapeutic requirements and customer preferences
across both Ayurvedic and nutraceutical segments.

Our Company’s manufacturing breadth enables it to develop, scale and commercialise products across multiple
formats without reliance on external manufacturers, supporting faster product launches and efficient utilisation of
manufacturing infrastructure.
2. Doctor acceptance supported by product performance rather than mass advertising

Our Company’s Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical formulations have achieved repeat prescriptions and re-ordering by
healthcare practitioners despite limited reliance on mass media or consumer-facing advertising. Our Company’s
marketing approach is focused on scientific detailing (i.e., structured, evidence-based engagement with healthcare
practitioners through clinical data and product literature), continuing medical education (CME) programmes,
medical camps and practitioner engagement.

This approach indicates practitioner acceptance based on product performance, formulation relevance and
consistency of supply. It also allows our Company to control marketing costs and focus resources on targeted
engagement, rather than large-scale advertising expenditure. Our Company’s marketing approach aligns with
industry practices where practitioner engagement and evidence-based detailing are preferred over mass consumer
advertising for prescription-oriented products.
3. Long-standing relationships with suppliers and customers
Our Company’s business model is characterised by repeat engagement with its customers across both sales of our
branded products and third-party manufacturing operations. In business of our branded products, healthcare
practitioners and stockists place repeat orders based on prescription continuity, product acceptance and supply
reliability. In the third-party manufacturing segment, customers typically engage with our Company on a recurring
basis for multiple production cycles, reflecting confidence in manufacturing quality, regulatory compliance and
delivery timelines.
Our Company’s customer base is spread across different regions and product segments, with certain customers
placing repeat orders in the ordinary course of business. This diversified customer profile may contribute to a
relatively stable revenue base and may assist our Company in planning production and managing order flows with
a reasonable degree of visibility.
Institutional prescriptions, repeat usage for chronic conditions, and long-duration treatment protocols contribute to
steadier demand patterns compared to mass-market wellness products, which are more sensitive to consumer
sentiment and seasonal health trends (Source: Infomerics Report).
The contribution of our top ten customers to the total revenue from operations is as under:
                                                                         (₹ in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
 Category                                     For the period/Fiscal year ended
                         March 31, 2026               March 31, 2025                   March 31, 2024
                   Total        % of Revenue Total Revenue % of Revenue Total Revenue % of
                   Revenue      from                           from                              Revenue
                                Operation                      Operation                         from
                                                                                                 Operation
 Top 1                 1,551.50         36.02       1,040.18           49.54           620.58            43.02
 Top 3                 2,425.84         56.33       1,576.37           75.08         1,028.51            71.30
 Top 5                 2,825.78         65.61       1,708.85           81.39         1,112.20            77.10
 Top 10                3,498.75         81.24       1,826.13           86.97         1,214.56            84.19
 Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 11, 2026.




                                                           173
4. Geographic expansion achieved over a relatively short operating history

Since commencing business operations in September 2022, our Company has expanded its presence across multiple
states in India within a relatively short period of time, achieving this scale within approximately three years of
initiating offline sales and marketing operations.

This expansion reflects our Company’s execution capabilities in establishing distribution networks, deploying sales
personnel and driving product acceptance across diverse markets. In this context, our Company’s expansion across
multiple states reflects its ability to establish distribution linkages and practitioner engagement in diverse regional
markets.

This expansion aligns with broader industry trends in the Indian nutraceuticals market, which was valued at USD
30.4 billion in 2024, and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 13.6–15.9% through 2030, reaching USD 74.66 billion.
This growth is driven by increasing demand for functional foods, probiotics, herbal extracts, and personalized
nutrition amid urbanization and increasing e-commerce penetration. Alongside consumer-led demand, practitioner-
driven adoption through allopathic, AYUSH, and institutional healthcare channels is expected to contribute to stable,
recurring demand for condition-specific and prescription-adjacent formulations (Source: Infomerics Report)

5. Broad therapeutic coverage across ayurvedic and nutraceutical segments

Ayurvedic and nutraceutical products support preventive care, chronic disease co-management, and post-treatment
recovery, complementing allopathic therapies in areas such as osteoporosis, arthritis, infertility, anemia, renal
calculi, lifestyle-related metabolic disorders, and pediatric development (Source: Infomerics Report).

Our Company’s product portfolio spans multiple therapeutic and wellness categories, including gut health, cardiac
and metabolic wellness, diabetes management, pain management, immunity, infertility and general wellness. The
portfolio includes both classical Ayurvedic formulations, proprietary Ayurvedic formulations and Nutraceutical
blends.

This breadth allows our Company to address varied prescribing needs of healthcare practitioners and enables cross-
selling across therapeutic areas.

OUR STRATEGIES

1. Expansion of our business of branded products on a Pan-India Basis

Our Company aims to strengthen and scale its business of classical Ayurvedic, proprietary Ayurvedic and
nutraceutical business across India by expanding its geographic footprint and deepening market penetration. As of
March 31, 2026, our Company’s products are marketed across 17 states, supported by an on-ground sales and
marketing organisation. Our Company proposes to continue expanding its field force to enhance reach and
engagement with healthcare practitioners. The distribution model will be supported through the appointment and
periodic rotation of stockists in strategically identified territories to improve market coverage and supply efficiency.
Our Company follows a doctor-centric engagement approach, involving scientific detailing, continuing medical
education programs, medical camps and BFD camps. This strategy is intended to drive prescription-based demand
and build sustainable presence over time.

2. Expansion and Diversification of Product Portfolio

Our Company plans to continue expanding its product portfolio by launching new Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical
formulations across multiple therapeutic categories. Our Management intends to introduce an optimal number of
new products annually, including classical Ayurvedic formulations, proprietary Ayurvedic formulations and
Nutraceutical formulations. Our Company is focusing on therapeutic segments including cardiac and metabolic
wellness, diabetes management, pain management, gut health, infertility, immunity, women wellness and general
wellness. In addition, our Company plans to strengthen its over-the-counter (OTC) offerings to address retail
channel demand. Product development and launches are supported by our Company’s integrated manufacturing
capabilities and internal quality systems. This strategy is aimed at reducing dependence on a limited set of products
and enhancing portfolio breadth.

3. Increasing Contribution from Higher-Margin Sales


                                                          174
Our Company intends to progressively increase the contribution of business of its own brand products to overall
revenues while reducing relative dependence on third-party manufacturing. Historically, third-party manufacturing
constituted a significant portion of revenues; however, the revenue mix has been gradually shifting in favour of our
brand products. Our Company has also undertaken initiatives to strengthen sales and marketing investments to grow
our branded business. Improvements in supply chain management, inventory planning and procurement systems are
being implemented to support higher volumes. While third-party manufacturing will continue to be undertaken
selectively to support capacity utilisation, the strategic focus remains on enhancing profitability through marketing
and sales.

4. Manufacturing and Operational Strengthening

Our Company seeks to enhance operational efficiency and readiness of operations and potential export activities.
The integrated manufacturing facility supports multiple dosage forms, including soft gelatin capsules, hard gelatin
capsules, tablets, liquid orals and medicated oils, providing operational flexibility. Our Company continues to
optimise procurement cycles and strengthen vendor management processes to improve cost efficiency and supply
reliability. Logistics and inventory management systems are being refined to handle multi-SKU production and
distribution cycles with varying lead times. These initiatives are intended to support consistent product availability,
quality control and timely order fulfilment.

5. Entry into Export Markets

Our Company proposes to explore export opportunities to selected international markets, leveraging increasing
global demand for Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical products. Target geographies under evaluation include markets in
Africa, the Middle East, Southeast Asia and CIS regions. Our Company has initiated preliminary activities related
to product classification, documentation and compliance with export-related regulatory requirements. Export
initiatives are intended to be undertaken in a calibrated manner, without reliance on exports as a primary revenue
source in the near term. This strategy provides potential long-term growth optionality while utilising existing
manufacturing and compliance capabilities.

6. Digital outreach and market development strategy

The rapid expansion of e-commerce, direct-to-consumer (D2C) platforms, and organized retail has significantly
improved accessibility and reach of nutraceutical products, particularly in the near to medium term. Digital
marketplaces and category-focused platforms enable wider geographic penetration, consumer education, and
targeted product discovery. D2C brands leverage subscription-led models to enhance consumer retention, while
organized retail networks provide offline scale and visibility. Improvements in logistics and supply-chain
infrastructure further support early-stage growth; however, the relative impact of this driver is expected to moderate
over the long term as digital penetration matures and physical retail stabilizes (Source: Infomerics Report)

We intend to strengthen our digital marketing initiatives as part of our overall growth strategy to expand market
reach, and improve customer engagement. Accordingly, our Company proposes to deploy a portion of the Net
Proceeds towards digital marketing and brand-building initiatives, including performance marketing campaigns,
search engine optimisation, and strategic collaborations across online platforms. These initiatives will be aimed at
enhancing brand visibility, improving customer acquisition, and strengthening engagement across consumers,
distributors and healthcare practitioners. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue”
on page 99 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our focus will be on leveraging digital platforms to build stronger
connections with consumers across India. We plan to increase our presence across digital channels including our
website, social media platforms, online marketplaces, and other relevant digital platforms. We aim to utilize a
portion of the Net Proceeds towards targeted digital campaigns, search engine visibility initiatives, and content-
driven engagement strategies to improve customer acquisition.

MANUFACTURING FACILITY

Our Company operates a single integrated in-house manufacturing facility located at Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, IDA
Cherlapally, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500051. The leased manufacturing facility has a built-up area of approximately
12,544 square feet spread across three floors and is designed for the manufacture of Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical
products. The facility is equipped with around 63 machines, forming part of its core manufacturing infrastructure.
The current installed capacity at this facility is as follows:


                                                          175
 Particulars                                       Total Installed Capacity (Per Shift)
 Softgel Capsules (In Units)                       4,00,000
 Medicated Oil (In 200 ml Bottles)                 3,000
 Tablets (In Units)                                1,50,000
 Liquid orals (In 200 ml Bottles)                  500
 Hardgel Capsules (In Units)                       1,50,000
 Protein Powder (In 250 gm Bottles)                200
As certified by Inn Tech Global Valuers Private Limited, Independent Chartered Engineer pursuant to their report dated May 6,
2026.
Note: The above installed capacity has been computed on a per-shift basis assuming 8 hours per shift. The factory has the
capability to operate up to three shifts per calendar day; however, currently it is operating only one shift per day.

Pictures of our Manufacturing facility are set forth below:

Our Manufacturing Facility




                                                            176
MANUFACTURING PROCESS

Our Company’s manufacturing process begins with the procurement of raw materials, which are sourced in
accordance with quality and regulatory standards. These materials are then processed and converted into finished
products at our Company’s manufacturing facility through controlled production operations. The finished goods are
stored in inventory and subsequently distributed to stockists, distributors, and retailers through our Company’s sales
and distribution network.




Manufacturing Process
The detailed manufacturing process along with process flow for the following products has been described below:
    •    Softgel
    •    Tablets
    •    Medicated Oils
    •    Others

Softgel Capsules




                                                         177
Our Company manufactures Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical products in the form of oil/ghee-filled soft gelatin
capsules at its manufacturing facility using an integrated and controlled production process in accordance with
applicable GMP standards.

Preparation of Shell Material




The manufacturing process commences with the preparation of the soft gelatin shell mass, comprising gelatin,
plasticizers, purified water and permitted additives. The mixture is heated, homogenised and degassed to obtain a
uniform molten mass, which is subsequently formed into continuous gelatin ribbons under controlled temperature
and humidity conditions.

Preparation of Fill Material

Simultaneously, the oil-based fill formulation is prepared by blending Medicated oils/ghee and/or active
nutraceutical ingredients, antioxidants and other excipients, as applicable. The fill material is processed to achieve
the required viscosity, homogeneity and stability and is filtered prior to encapsulation.

Encapsulation


                                                         178
Encapsulation is carried out using the rotary-die process, wherein two gelatin ribbons are fed into the encapsulation
machine and the measured quantity of the oil-based fill is injected between the ribbons. Heat and pressure are applied
to seal and cut the capsules into the desired shape and size, resulting in the formation of soft gelatin capsules.

Drying and Stabilisation

Freshly formed capsules contain elevated moisture levels and are therefore subjected to controlled drying. Initial
drying is carried out in tumble dryers to remove surface moisture and set the capsule shape, followed by further
drying and equilibration in humidity-controlled chambers to achieve the required shell moisture content and
mechanical stability.

Finishing, Inspection and Quality Control

Dried capsules are polished, visually inspected and subjected to in-process and final quality control checks,
including weight variation, seal integrity, appearance and moisture content. Only capsules meeting prescribed
quality specifications are released for packing.

Packaging

Finished capsules are packed in blister packs or bottles, as applicable, followed by secondary packaging in cartons
and shipper boxes. Packaging operations are carried out under controlled environmental conditions to ensure product
stability and traceability.

Tablets




Our Company manufactures Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical formulations in multiple dosage forms at its
manufacturing facility using standardized and quality-controlled processes in compliance with applicable Good
Manufacturing Practices.

The manufacturing process broadly involves the following stages:
Dispensing and Blending

                                                         179
Approved raw materials, including active ingredients and excipients, are weighed as per the approved formulations
and blended to achieve uniformity.

Granulation (where applicable)

Depending on the formulation, granulation is carried out either through a wet granulation process, involving the
addition of a binder solution to form granules, or through direct compression, where granulation is not required.

Drying and Sizing

Granules, where prepared, are dried to achieve the required moisture content and then sized to ensure uniform
particle distribution.

Lubrication and Compression

Lubricants and glidants are added, following which the blend is compressed into tablets using tablet compression
machines.

Coating (if required)

Certain products may undergo coating for improved stability, appearance, or consumer acceptability.

In-Process Quality Control

In-process quality checks are conducted at various stages to ensure compliance with predefined specifications
relating to weight variation, hardness, thickness, disintegration time, and friability.

Packaging

Finished tablets are packed using blister packaging systems to protect the products from moisture, light, and
contamination. The packaging process includes blister formation, tablet filling, sealing, printing of batch details,
inspection, and cutting into final pack sizes. Blister packs are subsequently placed into cartons along with inserts,
followed by secondary and tertiary packaging for storage and distribution.

Medicated Oils

Medicated oil preparation, known in Ayurveda as Sneha Kalpana, is a classical pharmaceutical process used to
extract the active principles of medicinal herbs into an oil/Ghee base. The manufacturing process broadly involves
the following stages:

Pre-Processing (Poorva Karma)

The preparation of medicated oil begins with the selection of a suitable base oil such as sesame oil, coconut oil, or
castor oil. The oil must be cold-pressed, free from rancidity, and should have moisture content less than 0.2%. The
required quantity of oil is accurately weighed according to the batch size and transferred into a clean stainless steel
or copper vessel. Taila Murchhana (purification of oil) is then performed by heating the oil at a temperature of 90–
110°C for about 30–60 minutes with continuous stirring. This process helps in removing moisture, unpleasant odor,
and impurities from the oil. After completion of purification, the oil is allowed to cool to room temperature before
proceeding to the next stage.

Preparation of Kalka (Herbal Paste)

Authenticated herbal drugs are selected and cleaned properly to remove foreign matter. If dried herbs are used, they
are powdered coarsely and then mixed with a small quantity of water to prepare a smooth paste. If fresh herbs are
used, they are thoroughly washed and ground into a fine paste. The prepared Kalka should be smooth, uniform, and
free from contaminants, as it plays a crucial role in transferring active principles into the oil.

Preparation of Drava (Liquid Medium)



                                                         180
The liquid medium, known as Drava, may be herbal decoction, milk, or fresh herbal juice depending on the
formulation. For preparing decoction, coarse herbal powder is added to a specified quantity of water and boiled until
it reduces to the required volume. The decoction is then filtered through a muslin cloth to remove solid particles.
The prepared liquid must be fresh and should comply with microbial limits before use in the main process.

Main Processing (Pradhana Karma)

In this stage, the purified oil (Sneha), herbal paste (Kalka), and liquid medium (Drava) are mixed together in the
prescribed ratio, generally 1:4:16 unless otherwise specified. The mixture is transferred to a cooking vessel and
heated under Mandagni (mild heat). The temperature is maintained between 90–110°C throughout the process.
Continuous stirring is essential to prevent the paste from sticking to the bottom and burning. Heating is continued
until the water content completely evaporates and the active constituents of the herbs are properly absorbed into the
oil.

Observation of Paka (Cooking Stages)

During heating, careful observation is required to identify the correct stage of Paka. In Mridu Paka, the herbal paste
remains soft and is suitable for Nasya therapy. In Madhyama Paka, the paste becomes moderately dry and is suitable
for internal use and Basti. In Khara Paka, the paste becomes hard and completely dry, making the oil suitable for
external application. The completion of Paka is confirmed when foam formation stops, crackling sound ceases, clear
oil separates from the paste, and no water vapour is observed. The moisture content should be within 6–8%.

Post-Processing (Paschat Karma)

After achieving the desired Paka stage, heating is stopped and the oil is filtered while still warm through a clean
muslin cloth to remove herbal residues completely. Filtering at warm temperature ensures easy separation of solids.
If required, aromatic substances such as camphor or saffron are added when the oil becomes lukewarm, and mixed
thoroughly. The filtered oil is then transferred into clean, dry, and sterile containers and sealed properly to prevent
contamination.

Labeling and Storage

The filled containers are properly labeled with product name, Paka stage, batch number, date of manufacture, expiry
date, storage conditions, and usage instructions. The oil should be stored in amber glass or HDPE containers in a
cool and dry place, protected from light and moisture.

Avarthana (Fortification – Optional)

If fortification is required, the prepared medicated oil is used again as the base oil. Fresh Kalka and Drava are added
in the prescribed ratio, and the entire cooking process is repeated. This cycle may be repeated multiple times such
as 7, 14, 21, 41, or 101 times depending on therapeutic requirements. Each repetition enhances the potency and
efficacy of the medicated oil.

Others products

Our Company also manufactures a wide range of dosage forms including Hard Gelatin Capsules (Hardgels), Protein
Powders, and Liquid Orals. The manufacturing of hardgels is carried out through systematic processes involving
raw material approval, blending, encapsulation, in-process quality checks, and controlled packing operations.
Protein powders are produced under strict quality standards with precise blending, sieving, and packaging controls
to ensure uniformity and stability. Liquid orals are manufactured using purified water systems and controlled
mixing, filtration, and filling procedures to maintain safety and consistency. All these products are developed and
manufactured in compliance with GMP standards and established quality control protocols.

OUR MACHINERIES

Our Company utilises machinery and equipment for the manufacture of its products. The machinery is deployed
across various stages of the manufacturing process to support production requirements and maintain consistency in
output. The manufacturing setup enables our Company to undertake its production activities in accordance with
applicable specifications and timelines and to cater to the requirements of both its manufacturing of our brand



                                                         181
products and manufacturing of products for third-party customers. The following key machinery and equipment are
installed at our manufacturing facility:

 Machine
                 Machine Name                                                                          Quantity
 Category
  Softgel       100 LTR Gelatin Cooker, 100 LTR Gelatin Feed Tank, Vacuum Pump, Mixing head            1
 Capsules       with anchor agitator, 50 KG Medicament MFG Vessel, High Speed Stirrer
                Automatic Soft gelatin Encapsulation Machine, Semi Dryer                               1
                Min oblong 8 die roll with distribution plate segment and change plate,14min           1
                oblong 8 die roll, including delivery charges
                14 Min Diel Roll for grinding and polishing 1 set, 14 Min Diel Roll for grinding and   1
                polishing 1set
                7.5 Min OVAL 8'' Die Roll with Distribution Plate and change parts                     1
                Triple Roiled Machine                                                                  1
                SS316SWG Drying Tray, Trolley Pu Wheel                                                 1
                Trays and Trolleys for Drying capsule                                                  1
                DE Humidifier, Air Handling Units, GI Ducting, Insulation, Duct Flexible               1
                CL-10ET1                                                                               1
                Weight machines                                                                        1
                Origin Dehumidifier                                                                    1
                Moisture balance - 1 mg (0.01%)                                                        1
                S S Double Jacketed Tank 500 Ltrs Capacity                                             1
                Ss 304 PU Wheels 75mm<32mm                                                             1
 Medicated Oils Capping Machine                                                                        1
                2Head Liquid filling machine                                                           1
                Liquid Filling Machines, Bottle Washing Machine, Filter Press, Storage Tanks,          1
                Stirrer, Colloidal Mill, Batch Printing Machine, Conveyer Belt
 Tablets        Coating Pan 32'                                                                        1
                Tablet punching Machine-16-non GMP model                                               1
                24Tray Drier-Non GMP                                                                   1
                20" shifter-GMP model                                                                  1
                Multi- mill Machine GMP model (New)                                                    1
                DS punches C Dies                                                                      1
                Round Shape Punches                                                                    1
                Round Shape Punches                                                                    1
                Coating Pan 32'                                                                        1
 Liquid orals   Capping Machine                                                                        1
                Liquid filling machine                                                                 1
                Storage Tanks                                                                          1
 Hardgel        Capsule filling machine with "00" size change parts                                    1
 Capsules       Automatic capsule loader "00"                                                          1
                Manual Capsule filling machine "0"                                                     2
                Manual capsule change parts "00"                                                       2
                Automatic capsule loader "0"                                                           1
                200 liters mass mixer                                                                  1
                Single Brush capsule polishing machine supplied compete with Dust collector            1
                CVFD
 Protein        200 liters mass mixer                                                                  1
 Powder         Vessels                                                                                1
                Mass mixer 100kg-non gmp                                                               1
 Packing,        Blister Pack 300 Double track machine and parts and water cooler                      1
 General         Batch number laser printer-with cartridge                                             1
 Utilities
                 Bottle Counting Machine                                                               1


                                                      182
 Machine
                    Machine Name                                                                                 Quantity
 Category
 Machinery          Blister change parts-Citizen-240                                                              1
 (Machinery         Blister change parts-Citizen-240 (soft gel capsules - 4s Pack)                                1
 used for all
                    Aluminum Frame SS Laminated JSL Sheet                                                         1
 i.e. soft gel
 capsules,          Packing conveyer belt 10 feet                                                                 1
 tablets,           Blister change parts-Citizen-240 (11.00mm Tablets-30s Pack)                                   1
 medicated          Blister change parts-Citizen-240 (12.50mm Tablets-4s Pack)                                    1
 oils/liquid
                    Blister change parts-Citizen-240 (2 DS tablets-4s Pack)                                       1
 orals, hard
 gel capsules,      Blister change parts-Citizen-240 (soft gel capsules - 4s Pack)                                1
 protein            Blister change parts-Citizen-240 ("0"capsules - 4s Pack)                                      1
 powders)           Satmed Digital Leak Test Apparatus                                                            1
                    Shrink cap machine                                                                            1
                    SSL type tables and SS table, PU wheels, SS stool, SS revolving                               1
                    bench, SS weighing machine shelf, SS vad machine table                                        1
                    Knurling Roller                                                                               1
                    CPA- 15 TMD Air Compressor                                                                    1
                    Condensing Unit, Air Handling Unit, GI Ducting, Insulation                                    1
                    HOPE Drain Trape with Single water seal systems                                               1
                    Hot Air Blower and gun Stand with gun 500ml Capacity                                          1
As certified by Inn Tech Global Valuers Private Limited, Independent Chartered Engineer pursuant to their report dated May 6,
2026.

CAPACITY UTILIZATION

The total production capacity of our manufacturing facility and capacity utilisation for the preceding three fiscal
years are as follows:

Particulars          FY 2025-26                  FY 2024-25                   FY 2023-24
Products    Capacity Actual     Capacity Capacity Actual Capacity Capacity Actual Capacity
            Installed Producti Utilized Installed Productio Utilized Installed Productio Utilized
                         on       (%)                n       (%)                  n       (%)


Softgel          12,00,0     7,64,64,      63.72      12,00,0     4,07,48,     33.95      12,00,0     3,45,25,     29.00
Capsules          0,000        530                     0,000        076                    0,000        000
(In Units)
Medicated        9,00,00     8,11,87       90.20      9,00,00     5,07,72      56.41      9,00,00     90,000       10.00
Oil (In 200         0           0                        0           5                       0
ml Bottles)
Tablets (In      4,50,00,    80,29,0       17.84      4,50,00     11,55,6      2.56       4,50,00,    4,00,00         1.00
Units)             000         35                      ,000         50                      000          0
Liquid           1,50,00     18,900        13.00      1,50,00      9,800       6.53       1,50,00     15,700       10.40
Orals (In           0                                    0                                   0
200      ml
Bottles)
Hardgel          4,50,00,    19,13,9       4.25       4,50,00     49,50,0      11.00      4,50,00,    2,00,00         0.44
Capsules           000         00                      ,000         00                      000          0
(In Units)
Protein          60,000       6,525        10.87      60,000       4,800       8.00       60,000       2,801          4.66
Powder (In


                                                            183
Particulars          FY 2025-26                  FY 2024-25                   FY 2023-24
Products    Capacity Actual     Capacity Capacity Actual Capacity Capacity Actual Capacity
            Installed Producti Utilized Installed Productio Utilized Installed Productio Utilized
                         on       (%)                n       (%)                  n       (%)


250      gm
Bottles)
As certified by Inn Tech Global Valuers Private Limited, Independent Chartered Engineer pursuant to their report dated May 6,
2026.
#
  Not annualized.
Note: The above installed capacity figures are stated on an annualized basis unless otherwise stated. The installed capacity has
been computed on a per-shift, per-day basis assuming 8 hours per shift. The factory has the capability to operate up to three
shifts per calendar day; however, it is currently operating one shift per day. The calculation of installed capacity is based on 25
working days per month.

RAW MATERIAL AND SOURCING

We procure all raw materials exclusively from approved and qualified vendors to ensure consistent quality and
regulatory compliance. Herbal raw materials are sourced from approved suppliers, contract farming units, and
certified collectors, and are received in the form of whole dried herbs, coarse cuts, or fine powders. Herbal extracts
are obtained from GMP-certified manufacturers or authorized contract extraction facilities in dry, semi-solid, or
liquid forms, with complete documentation on extraction ratios, marker compounds, and residual solvent limits.
Medicated oils are sourced either from GMP-approved manufacturers or processed in-house using high-quality base
oils such as sesame, coconut, castor, or olive oil, ensuring compliance with rancidity and stability parameters.
Vitamins, minerals, and excipients are procured from pharmaceutical- or nutraceutical-grade suppliers compliant
with pharmacopeia standards such as USP, BP, EP, or FCC.

Upon receipt, all materials are placed under quarantine and labelled “Under Test” until sampled and tested by the
Quality Control department. Sampling is carried out by trained personnel in controlled areas to prevent
contamination. Raw materials undergo comprehensive testing including identification, organoleptic evaluation, loss
on drying, assay, microbial limits, heavy metals, pesticide residues, acid value, peroxide value, and other
pharmacopeia tests as applicable. Only materials that meet predefined specifications are labelled “Approved” and
transferred to designated storage areas under controlled environmental conditions, following FIFO/FEFO principles.
Rejected materials are clearly labelled and segregated as per Standard Operating Procedure (SOP). Complete
documentation, including vendor qualification records, Certificates of Analysis (CoA), QC reports, and inventory
logs, is maintained to ensure full traceability from supplier to finished product. Following is the list of our top 10
suppliers for the preceding three fiscal years:

                                                                          (₹ in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
 Particulars                                 For the period/ fiscal year ended on
                           March 31, 2026               March 31, 2025                 March 31, 2024
                      Amount       %of     Total Amount          %of      Total Amount          %of     Total
                                   Purchases                     Purchases                      Purchases
 Top 1                    1,969.08     62.13           897.55         65.39           609.93       63.14
 Top 3                    2,408.08     75.98         1,144.95         83.41           771.53       79.87
 Top 5                    2,664.26     84.06         1,228.62         89.50           851.16       88.11
 Top 10                   2,988.63     94.30          1,301.89        94.84           940.10       97.32
Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 11, 2026.

Our Company sources its raw materials from a diversified supplier base and is not dependent on any single vendor.
To maintain its quality standards, our Company periodically conducts tests and analyses on materials received from
its suppliers. For details in relation to the risk involved, please refer to the section titled “Risk Factors - We have
historically derived, and may continue to derive, a significant portion of our supply from top 10 Suppliers”
beginning on page 29 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

QUALITY PROCESS



                                                               184
We believe that maintaining adequate control of the quality of our products is critical to our continued growth. We
have formulated and adopted a quality control policy prescribing stringent quality control practices to ensure
optimum quality standards.

Quality is continuously monitored throughout manufacturing in accordance with the respective Batch
Manufacturing Records (BMR) and Batch Packing Records (BPR). After production, samples are analysed by the
QC department as per product specifications. We perform key tests such as Loss on Drying (LOD) using a Moisture
Analyzer to determine moisture content and ensure product stability; the Disintegration Test to verify that tablets or
capsules break down within the specified time under controlled conditions; and the Leak Test (Vacuum Leak/Bubble
Emission Test) to confirm the integrity of blister and strip packaging and ensure protection against moisture and
contamination. These tests, along with other physicochemical and microbiological evaluations, ensure the safety,
efficacy, and consistency of our products before release.

We monitor our quality throughout the manufacturing process and related activities. All parameters are checked
according to the specific Batch Manufacturing Record (BMR) or Batch Packing Record (BPR) for each product.
After manufacturing, our quality control personnel take samples and test them according to product specifications.

Our dedication to quality is recognized through various certifications:

•    Certificate of Good Manufacturing Practices issued by Department of Ayush, Government of Telangana
•    ISO 22000:2018 for “Food Safety Management System” and 9001:2015 for “Quality Management System”
     certified by QCS which is accredited by Global Accreditation Certification Board.
•    Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) certified by the World Health Organization
•    Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) certified by QCS
•    HALAL Certificate
•    KOSHER Certificate

These certifications demonstrate our commitment to maintaining high standards in manufacturing and food safety.




UTILITIES

Our Company’s operations require power primarily to support its manufacturing activities and ancillary processes.
Electricity is used across various stages of production, including processing, packaging and related operations. Our
Company primarily sources power from the state electricity grid in order to support continuity of operations and has
a sanctioned load of 150 KVA for its facility.

Further, our manufacturing facility has a continuous water supply for sanitation purposes, along with adequate
arrangements for potable drinking water. Our water requirements are met through a combination of borewell water
and supply from CNMIASS (Cherlapally Neo Management Industrial Association Sewerage Scheme).

MARKETING AND PROMOTION

Our Company undertakes marketing and promotional activities primarily through an offline, field-force driven
model focused on engagement with medical practitioners and stockists our distribution network comprises of
more than 60 distributors, each typically associated with more than 10 stockists, and each such stockist is catering
to more than 10 retailers across various states. Marketing activities are centred on product education and
relationship-based interactions and do not involve mass media advertising. Our products are primarily marketed
through product explanations and promotional materials, including visual aids and product cards, disseminated
through the field force network, the Company follows an offer and discount-based sales approach. Our field-force
personnel utilize visual aids, product literature, therapy cards and dosage guidance materials during practitioner
interactions. We strategically use a division-based marketing approach to cater to specialists and super specialists
by offering them a wide range of products from our various therapeutic areas.

We have created a marketing division focusing on developing and growing our engagement with specialists within


                                                         185
our focus therapeutic areas. These marketing division is responsible for commercialization, marketing strategy
and engaging with doctors on a regular basis. Our medical representatives are engaged in the sales, marketing and
distribution of our products across various geographies in India and are responsible for regular engagement with
medical practitioners, product promotion activities and market coverage within their designated territories. Our
medical representatives are generally required to cover a minimum of 100 doctors within their designated territory
and nearby surrounding areas through regular field visits. We generally enter into arrangements with medical
representatives for the sales, marketing and distribution of our products across geographies in India. In addition,
we rely on carrying and forwarding agents and stockists across India for warehousing, customer order collection,
order execution, transportation and customer services.

 Promotional efforts include in-person engagements such as continuing medical education programs, medical
camps, product detailing using visual aids and therapeutic indices, regular field-force visits and product display
counters at identified locations where our products are showcased and discussions relating to our products are
conducted as part of ongoing practitioner and customer engagement activities.. Our promotional initiatives also
include pharmacy-level product visibility materials and clinic-oriented educational displays. Our Company
undertakes targeted promotional activities based on therapeutic categories, including orthopaedic care, general
wellness, immunity support and pain management, including lumbar pain, spine pain and orthopaedic pain
management. Our Company regularly participates in Continuing Medical Education (CME) programs, Ayurvedic
conferences, trade exhibitions and health awareness camps aimed at increasing practitioner engagement and
product awareness. Our Company focuses on repeat business generation through continuous practitioner
engagement, supply reliability and distributor relationship management.

Our Company’s business is supported by its sales and marketing network, including relationships with stockists,
distributors and other channel partners. Our Company engages stockists and distributors through territory visits,
relationship management and commercial discussions relating to margins, schemes and product mix, supported
by supply chain coordination. Our Company follows a product-wise and geography-wise approach to marketing
its products and focuses on maintaining existing relationships while expanding its customer base across markets.
Our Company initially focused on regional markets in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh and subsequently expanded
its marketing presence across northern and western India through appointment of distributors, stockists and field-
force personnel. Our Company’s team also undertakes regular interactions with distributors to understand demand
patterns and market requirements. Based on such interactions, the Company may introduce new products and
expand into additional geographies, including international markets, new product introductions are undertaken
based on market feedback, practitioner demand patterns and therapeutic category opportunities identified by the
marketing team.

Revenues are generated from branded product sales through stockists, distributors and retailers and from third-
party manufacturing arrangements. Branded product sales contribute approximately 50–52% of revenues, while
third-party manufacturing accounts for approximately 48–50%. Our Company follows a uniform national
maximum retail price, with margins varying based on state-wise and product-specific factors and extends a cash
discount of 2% for payments received within 14 days.

Our Company maintains an official website (www.himalayanutravedics.com) containing general corporate
information and does not undertake digital marketing or operate official social media accounts. Promotional and
engagement materials used by our Company are primarily limited to offline materials, including therapy guides,
visual aids, therapeutic indices, product cards, brochures and printed catalogues, and our Company also
participates in offline industry and medical engagement activities.

Our Company regularly participates in promotional events and exhibitions, which are scheduled based on
requirements identified by our representatives in their respective territories. Some of the exhibitions at which our
Company has participated are set out below:




                                                         186
 Ayurvedic Conference Organized in Pune by             Ayurvedic & Organic Expo organized by VIPEX
 Maharashtra Ayurveda Mahasammelan - Pune Branch       associates at Almaty, Kazakshtan on September 11-
 on February, 21 2025                                  12, 2025.




 Medical Camp Organized at Mogha, Punjab on 21         Free BFD camp organized by the company at Sri
 September, 2025                                       Ganganagar, Rajasthan on July19, 2025

HUMAN RESOURCES

Our employees contribute significantly to our business operations and growth. As on April 30, 2026, we have 80
full-time employees. The following table provides a breakdown of our employees:


Name of the Department                                              No. of Employees
Admin & HR                                                           2
Compliance                                                           1
Finance                                                              2
Factory                                                              20
Quality                                                              2
Marketing                                                            53
Total                                                                80

For the month of April 30, 2026, our Company has deposited amount of ₹ 2.74 lakhs with the Employee Provident
Fund Organisation for its 80 Employees covered under Employees' Provident Fund. Also, for the month of , our
Company has deposited amount of ₹ 0.05 lakhs with the Employees State Insurance Corporation for its 14
employees covered under Employees State Insurance Corporation.

ESG INITIATIVES


                                                     187
Our Company undertakes certain environmental initiatives as part of its operations, including controlled water usage
with monitoring at identified points, use of treated tanker water during periods of peak demand to reduce reliance
on groundwater, periodic maintenance of pipelines to prevent leakage and wastage, and measures to reduce material
waste through batch planning and inventory management.

Our Company also undertakes certain social and governance-related measures, including employee hygiene and
safety training in accordance with applicable GMP requirements, maintenance of safety and sanitation systems at
its manufacturing facility, process-based training for employees and equal opportunity employment practices. Our
Company follows an internal governance framework comprising board-level oversight, statutory and tax
compliance, ethical marketing practices and documented standard operating procedures for manufacturing, quality
control and batch-level traceability.

COMPETITION

Growth in the nutraceuticals industry faces headwinds from regulatory complexities, supply chain vulnerabilities,
consumer trust gaps, and competitive pressures. The nutraceutical industry is characterized by intense competition
due to the presence of numerous unorganized participants, product commoditization, and increasing participation
from domestic and international brands. Competitive pressure remains high in the near term, driven by pricing
competition and rapid product proliferation. Over the medium term, the impact is expected to moderate as
compliance requirements, scale advantages, and brand differentiation contribute to gradual consolidation. In the
long term, competitive intensity is likely to remain moderate, with sustained competition centered on innovation,
quality, and brand strength. The industry is also witnessing a gradual shift from traditional formulations toward
enhanced bioavailability formats, supporting product differentiation in an increasingly competitive market
environment. (Source: Infomerics Report)

Further, in our business of Ayurvedic and nutraceutical formulations, we compete with other marketing companies
operating on a pan India scale, and regional companies, all involved in the promotion and sale of Ayurvedic and
Nutraceutical formulations.

COLLABORATIONS

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring prospectus, our Company has not entered into any technical or financial
collaboration agreements.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Details of Trademarks

  Sr.      Logo/ Description        Wordmark                        Class     Date of         Application      Status
  No.                                                                         Application     Number
                                    Himalaya Nutravedics-           5         October 08,     5640519          Opposed*
                                    SUPPLEMENTS THAT                          2022
                                    HEAL
     1.



                                    Himalaya Nutravedics            5         October 08,     5640476          Opposed#
     2.               -
                                                                              2022
 *An opposition has been filed against our trademark on November 14, 2024, and we have duly submitted our counter-statement
 on February 05, 2024; however, the opposition proceedings are currently pending.
 #
   An opposition has been filed against our trademark on September 03, 2024, and we have duly submitted our counter-statement
 on November 29, 2024; however, the opposition proceedings are currently pending.

For risks associated with our intellectual property, please refer to the section titled “Risk Factors – We may be
unable to sufficiently obtain, maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights.”
beginning on page 39 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Assignment application pending with the Trademark Registry


                                                            188
(a)    Pursuant to a Trademark Assignment Deed dated February 06, 2026, our Company has filed an application
       with the Trademarks Registry for the assignment of the below trademark nos. 3839703, 3839706 and 3839710,
       currently registered in the name of M/s Ameya Pharmaceuticals:

  Sr.        Logo/ Description     Wordmark                      Class   Date of          Application   Status of
  No.                                                                    Application      Number        recordal
                                   CranAll                       5       May      22,     3839703       Pending
                                                                         2018
       1.

                                   FOSGATE                       5       May       22,    3839706       Pending
       2.                                                                2018

                                   TAMSURAL-D                    5       May       22,    3839710       Pending
                                                                         2018
       3.



For risks associated with the assignment of the abovementioned trademarks, please refer to the section titled “Risk
Factors – Our Company has acquired rights, title, and interest in certain trademarks pursuant to duly executed
assignment deeds, uncertainty in approval of post-registration changes for assigned trademarks may adversely
affect our rights and operations” beginning on page 45 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

(b) Pursuant to a Trademark Assignment Deed dated February 06, 2026, our Company has filed an application
    with the Trademarks Registry for the recordal of the assignment of the below trademark no.5623859, currently
    registered in the name of Mr. Kakarlapudi Krishna Kiran:

  Sr.        Logo/ Description     Wordmark                      Class   Date of          Application   Status of
  No.                                                                    Application      Number        recordal
                                   RITEVEDA                      5       September        5623859       Pending
       1.             -
                                                                         09, 2022

For risks associated with the assignment of the abovementioned trademark, please refer to the section titled “Risk
Factors - Our Company has acquired rights, title, and interest in certain trademarks pursuant to duly executed
assignment deeds, uncertainty in approval of post-registration changes for assigned trademarks may adversely
affect our rights and operations” beginning on page 45 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

DOMAIN NAME

Domain details of our Company are as follows:

 Sr.        Domain Name               Registrar Name and ID                   Creation Date          Registry
 No.                                                                                                 Expiry Date
 1          himalayanutravedics.com   Registrar: Go Daddy. com, LLC July 14, 2022                    July 14, 2026
                                      IANA ID: 146

INSURANCE POLICIES

We have following comprehensive insurance in order to manage the risk of losses from potentially harmful events:

 Insurance         Policy Number                  Validity               Details         Sum Assured Premium
 Company                                                                                    (in ₹)   Paid (in ₹)


 Reliance          990992423740000228              (Liability)           Reliance        67,25,999      1,66,999
 General                                          25.01.2024             Private Car
 Insurance                                        to                     Policy


                                                       189
 Insurance       Policy Number                     Validity              Details       Sum Assured Premium
 Company                                                                                  (in ₹)   Paid (in ₹)

                                                   24.01.2027
 Reliance        990992623090000015                (Own Damage)          Reliance      60,63,999          1,18,477
 General                                           06.01.2026            Private Car
 Insurance                                         to                    Policy
                                                   05.01.2027
 ICICI           4005/412861168/00/000             15.10.2025            Group         7,30,00,000        32,122
 Lombard                                           to                    Personal
 General                                           14.10.2026            Accident
 Insurance                                                               Policy
 Company
 Limited
 ICICI           4016/X/O/413635100/00/000         15.10.2025            Group         3,65,00,000        4,26,571
 Lombard                                           to                    Health
 General                                           14.10.2026            (Floater)
 Insurance                                                               Insurance
 Company
 Limited
 Bajaj Allianz   OG-26-1801-4010-00003127          30.01.2026            Burglary      11,00,00,000       25,960
 General                                           to                    Insurance
 Insurance                                         29.01.2027            Policy
 Company
 Limited
 Bajaj           OG-26-1801-4057-00000606          30.01.2026            Flexi         11,50,00,000       1,46,556
 Alliance                                          to                    Commercial
 General                                           29.01.2027            Property
 Insurance                                                               Guard
 Company                                                                 Policy
 Limited

IMMOVABLE PROPERTIES

Our Manufacturing Facility, which also serves as our Registered office, is located at Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, IDA
Cherlapally, Hyderabad, Telangana, India – 500051. The details of our manufacturing facility are as follows:

Nature Location               Lessor           Lessee           Nature      Period       of   Rent         Use
of Deed                                                         of          Lease             Payabl
                                                                Holding                       e/Consi
                                                                (Owned/                       deratio
                                                                Leased)                       n
                                                                                              Involve
                                                                                              d
 Lease    R.C.C Building      M/s              M/s Himalaya     Leased      January  01,      The          Business
 Deed     consisting   of     Kartikeya        Nutravedics                  2026      to      Lessee       Purpose
          Ground and First    Industries       India Limited                December 31,      shall
          Floors, on plot     represented      through it’s                 2035              pay the
          No. 101/A, in       by        it’s   Director Mr.                                   monthly
          Survey      No.     Proprietor       Rohit Asawa                                    lease
          183(Part),          Smt.        P.   (“Lessee”)                                     rent of ₹
          situated      at    Krishna                                                         2,31,00
          Phase-III,          Kumari                                                          0/-
          Industrial          (“Lessor”)                                                      (Rupees
          Development                                                                         Two-
          Park,                                                                               Lakhs


                                                        190
Nature Location             Lessor          Lessee            Nature      Period          of   Rent       Use
of Deed                                                       of          Lease                Payabl
                                                              Holding                          e/Consi
                                                              (Owned/                          deratio
                                                              Leased)                          n
                                                                                               Involve
                                                                                               d
       Cherlapally,                                                                            Thirty
       under     APIIC-                                                                        One
       IALA                                                                                    Thousa
       Cherlapally,                                                                            nd only)
       Municipality,
       Kapra Mandal,
       Medchal-
       Malkajgiri
       District,
       Hyderabad,
       Telangana,
       India, 500051




                          (The remainder of this page is intentionally kept left blank)




                                                      191
                                      KEY INDUSTRY REGULATIONS

The following description is a summary of certain key laws, guidelines and regulations in India, which are
applicable to our Company and the business undertaken by our Company. The information detailed in this section
is based on the provisions of statutes, bills, regulations, notifications, memorandum, circulars and policies which
are subject to amendment, modification and / or change by subsequent legislative, regulatory, administrative or
judicial decisions. The information in this section has been obtained from publications available in the public
domain. The regulations set out below are not exhaustive and are only intended to provide general information
to investors and are neither designed nor intended to be a substitute for professional legal advice. For details of
the material government approvals obtained by our Company, refer to chapter titled “Government and Other
Approvals” beginning on page 250 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

INDUSTRY SPECIFIC REGULATIONS

The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006

The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (“MSMED Act”), was enacted to promote
and enhance the competitiveness of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise (“MSME”). A National Board shall be
appointed and established by the Central Government for MSME enterprise with its head office at Delhi in the
case of the enterprises engaged in the manufacture or production of goods pertaining to any industry mentioned
in first schedule to Industries (Development and Regulation) Act, 1951. The Government, in the Ministry of
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises has issued a notification dated 01st June, 2020 revising definition and
criterion and the same came into effect from 01st July, 2020. The notification revised the definitions as “Micro
enterprise”, where the investment in plant and machinery or equipment does not exceed one crore rupees and
turnover does not exceed five crore rupees; “Small enterprise”, where the investment in plant and machinery or
equipment does not exceed ten crore rupees and turnover does not exceed fifty crore rupees; “Medium enterprise”,
where the investment in plant and machinery or equipment does not exceed five crore and turnover does not
exceed two hundred and fifty crore rupees.

Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 (“FSSA”) and rules and regulations made thereunder

The FSSA was enacted with a view to consolidate the laws relating to food and to establish the Food Safety and
Standards Authority of India (“FSSAI”) for laying down scientific standards for articles of food and to regulate
their manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and import to ensure availability of safe and wholesome food for
human consumption. The FSSAI has been established under section 4 of the FSSA. Section 16 of the FSSA lays
down the functions and duties of the FSSAI including FSSAI’s duty to provide scientific advice and technical
support to the Government of India and the state governments in framing the policy and rules relating to food
safety and nutrition. The FSSA also sets out requirements for licensing and registering food businesses, general
principles for food safety, and responsibilities of the food business operator and liability of manufacturers and
sellers, and adjudication by the Food Safety Appellate Tribunal. The FSSA also lays down penalties for various
offences (including recall procedures). In addition to the FSSA, the following rules and regulations passed under
the FSSA are applicable to our Company:

 •   Food Safety and Standards Rules, 2011.
 •   Food Safety and Standards (Licensing and Registration of Food Businesses) Regulations, 2011.
 •   Food Safety and Standards (Food Recall Procedure) Regulations, 2017.
 •   Food Safety and Standards (Packaging and Labelling) Regulations, 2011.
 •   Food Safety and Standards (Food Products Standards and Food Additives) Regulations, 2011.
 •   Food Safety and Standards (Contaminants, Toxins and Residues) Regulations, 2011.
 •   Food Safety and Standards (Packaging) Regulations, 2018; and
 •   Food Safety and Standards (Labelling and Display) Regulations, 2020.

Consumer Protection Act, 2019 (the “Consumer Protection Act”) and the rules made thereunder

The Consumer Protection Act, which repeals the Consumer Protection Act, 1986, was designed and enacted to
provide simpler and quicker access to redress consumer grievances. It seeks, inter alia to promote and protect the

                                                       192
interests of consumers against deficiencies and defects in goods or services and secure the rights of a consumer
against unfair trade practices, which may be practiced by manufacturers, service providers and traders. The
definition of “consumer” under the Consumer Protection Act also includes persons engaged in offline or online
transactions through electronic means or by tele-shopping or direct selling or multi-level marketing. It provides
for the establishment of consumer disputes redressal forums and commissions for the purposes of redressal of
consumer grievances. In addition to awarding compensation and/or passing corrective orders, the forums and
commissions under the Consumer Protection Act, in cases of misleading and false advertisements, are empowered
to impose imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years and fine which may extend to ten lakhs.

The Guidelines for Prevention of Misleading Advertisements and Endorsements for Misleading
Advertisements, 2022 (“Advertisement Guidelines”)

The Advertisement Guidelines provide for the prevention of false or misleading advertisements and making
endorsements relating thereto. The Advertisement Guidelines apply inter alia to a manufacturer and to all
advertisements regardless of form, format or medium. The Advertisement Guidelines law down the conditions for
non-misleading and valid advertisement and prohibit surrogate or indirect advertisements of goods or services
whose advertising is prohibited or restricted by law, by portraying it to be an advertisement for other goods or
services, the advertising of which is not prohibited or restricted bylaw. Further, the Advertisement Guidelines lay
down duties of inter alia a manufacturer and provide inter alia that every manufacturer shall ensure that all
descriptions, claims and comparisons in an advertisement which relate to matters of objectively ascertainable facts
shall be capable of substantiation. The Advertisement Guidelines further provide that any endorsement in an
advertisement must reflect the genuine, reasonably current opinion of the individual, group or organisation making
such representation and must be based on adequate information about, or experience with, the identified goods,
product or service and must not otherwise be deceptive.

The Sales Promotion Employees (Conditions of Service) Act, 1976 (the “Sales Promotion Act”)

The Sales Promotion Act regulates certain conditions of service of sales promotion employees and applies to
pharmaceutical industry. It provides, inter alia, conditions of appointment and leave of sales promotion employees
and maintenance of registers and other documents of such employees.

The Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 (“DCA”) and Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945 (“DC Rules”)

 DCA and DC Rules regulate the import, manufacture, distribution and sale of drugs and cosmetics in India
including labelling, packing and testing as well as matters pertaining to drug formulations and all substances used
as components for drugs such as Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (“API”). It empowers the Central government
to prescribe rules for testing and licensing new drugs. The procedures provide for obtaining a series of approvals
at different stages of testing drugs, before the Drug Controller General of India (“DCGI”), an authority established
under the DCA which grants the final license to allow the drug to be manufactured and marketed. Obtaining an
approval from DCGI involves an application to be made to the DCGI. Upon examining the medical data, the
chemical data and the toxicity of the drug, the DCGI issues a no objection certificate. The no objection certificate
allows the manufacturer of the drug to move on to the next stage of testing at the central drug laboratories. The
drug is subject to a series of tests at the central drug laboratories, for its chemical integrity and analytical purity.
If the drug meets the standards required by the authority, the authority issues a certificate in that respect. The
DCGI issues a manufacturing and marketing license in respect of APIs. These licenses are submitted by the
company seeking to produce the drug, to the drug control administration of the state which clears the drug for
manufacturing and marketing. The drug control administration also provides approval for technical staff as per the
DCA and DC Rules framed under the DCA. The approvals for licensing are to be obtained from the drug control
administration. The Central Drugs Standard Control Organization is responsible for testing and approving APIs
and formulations in consultation with the DCGI. The approval process for conducting clinical trials,
manufacturing and marketing of a drug depends on whether the drug is new chemical entity or a Recombinant
Deoxyribonucleic Acid (“RDNA”) product. The DCA mandates that every person holding a license must keep
and maintain such records, registers and other documents as may be prescribed which may be subject to inspection
by the relevant authority.

DC Rules enacted to give effect to the provisions of the DCA to regulate the manufacture, distribution and sale of
drugs and cosmetics in India. The DC Rules prescribe the procedure for submission of samples of drugs for
analysis or test to the Central Drugs Laboratory, the forms of Central Drugs Laboratory’s certificates thereon and
the fees payable in respect of such reports. The DC Rules also prescribe the drugs or classes of drugs or cosmetics

                                                         193
or classes of cosmetics for the import of which a license is required, and prescribe the form and conditions of such
licenses, the authority empowered to issue the same and the fees payable therefore. The DC Rules provide for the
cancellation or suspension of such license in any case where any provisions or rule applicable to the import of
drugs and cosmetic is contravened or any of the conditions subject to which the license is issued is not complied
with. The DC Rules further prescribe the manner of labelling and packaging of drugs. The DC Rules lay down the
process mechanics and guidelines for clinical trial, including procedure for approval for clinical trials. Clinical
trials require obtaining free, informed and written consent from each study subject. The DC Rules also provide for
compensation in case of injury or death caused during clinical trials along with free medical management. The
Central Drugs Standard Control Organization has issued the guidelines for submission of clinical trial application
for evaluating safety and efficacy, for the purpose of submission of clinical trial application as required under
the DC Rules.

The Drugs (Price Control) Order, 2013 (“DPCO 2013”)

The DPCO 2013 was issued by the Central Government under Section 3 of the Essential Commodities Act, 1955
and in supersession of the Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 1995, thereby giving effect to the National
Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy, 2012. The DPCO 2013, inter alia, provides that the Central Government may
issue directions to the manufacturers of active pharmaceutical ingredients or bulk drugs and formulations to
increase production or sell such active pharmaceutical ingredient or bulk drug to such manufacturer of
formulations and direct the formulators to sell the formulations to institutions, hospitals or any agency, procedures
for fixing the ceiling price of scheduled formulations of specified strengths or dosages, retail price of new drug
for existing manufacturers of scheduled formulations, method of implementation of prices fixed by Government
and penalties for contravention of its provisions. The Government has the power under the DPCO 2013 to recover
amounts charged in excess of the notified price from the manufacturer, importer or distributor and the said amounts
are to be deposited in the Drugs Prices Equalization Account. DPCO 2013 prescribes certain instances in which
case the provision of the DPCO 2013 will not be applicable. These provisions are applicable to all scheduled drugs
and other drugs may be regulated, if warranted in public interest.

Drugs, Medical Devices and Cosmetics Bill, 2022 (the “Drugs Bill, 2022”)

In July 2022, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, released a draft of the Drugs Bill,
2022. The Drugs Bill, 2022 is proposed to amend and consolidate the laws relating to, inter alia, import,
manufacture, distribution and sale of drugs and medical devices and cosmetics as well as the law relating clinical
trials of new drugs and clinical investigation of investigational medical devices. The Drugs Bill, 2022 lays down
the standards of the quality of imported drugs and cosmetics and circumstances under which these would be
deemed to be adulterated, spurious and misbranded. Under the Drugs Bill, 2022, the central government has the
power to prohibit or restrict or regulate the import of drugs and cosmetics in public interest including to meet the
requirements of an emergency arising due to epidemic or natural calamities. Further, it lays down the standards
of quality for manufacture, sale and distribution of drugs and cosmetics and clinical trial of drugs. The Drugs Bill,
2022 also proposes establishment of several boards and committees to assist and advise the Central and State
Governments in the administration and regulation of drugs, cosmetics and medical devices.

While the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, had intended to table the Drugs, Medical
Devices and Cosmetics Bill, 2023 (“Drugs Bill, 2023”) in the Parliament it has been tabled. The Drugs Bill, 2023
sought to repeal the Drugs Act. It also sought to regulate the import, manufacture, distribution and sale of drugs,
medical devices, and cosmetics, and provide for regulatory standards to ensure their quality, safety, efficacy and
performance.

The Essential Commodities Act, 1955 (the “ECA”)

The ECA empowers the Central Government, to control production, supply and distribution of, trade and
commerce in certain essential commodities for maintaining or increasing supplies or for securing their equitable
distribution and availability at fair prices or for securing any essential commodity for the defense of India or the
efficient conduct of military operations. Using the powers under it, various ministries/departments of the Central
Government have issued control orders for regulating production, distribution, quality aspects, movement and
prices pertaining to the commodities which are essential and administered by them. The State Governments have
also issued various control orders to regulate various aspects of trading in essential commodities such as food
grains, edible oils, pulses kerosene, sugar and drugs. Penalties in terms of fine and imprisonment are prescribed
under the ECA for contravention of its provisions.

                                                        194
Uniform Code for Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices, 2024 (“UCPMP Code”)

The UCPMP Code is a mandatory code issued by the Department of Pharmaceuticals, Government of India,
relating to promotion and marketing practices for Indian pharmaceutical companies and the medical devices
industry. The UCPMP Code is applicable to pharmaceutical companies, medical representatives, agents of
pharmaceutical companies such as distributors, wholesalers, retailers, and pharmaceutical manufacturer’s
associations. The UCPMP Code mandates that the promotion of a drug must be consistent with the terms of its
marketing approval and prohibits offering or providing any gifts, pecuniary advantages, or benefits in kind to
healthcare professionals or their family members (both immediate and extended) by pharmaceutical companies or
their agents and violations of the UCPMP Code can lead to various actions as per the UCPMP Code.

The Legal Metrology Act, 2009 (the “Legal Metrology Act”) and Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities)
Rules, 2011 (the “Legal Metrology Rules”)

The Legal Metrology Act was enacted with the objectives to establish and enforce standards of weights and
measures, regulate trade and commerce in weights, measures and other goods which are sold or distributed by
weight, measure or number and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. The Legal Metrology Act
states that any transaction/contract relating to goods/class of goods or undertakings shall be as per the
weight/measurement/numbers prescribed by the Legal Metrology Act. The specifications with respect to the exact
denomination of the weight of goods to be considered in transactions are contained in rules issued by each state.
The Legal Metrology Act provides for imposition of penalty on use of non-standard, or unverified weights and
measures, and for making any transaction, deal or contract in contravention of the standards of weights and
measures. The Legal Metrology Rules, framed under the Legal Metrology Act, lays down specific provisions
applicable to packages intended for retail sale, wholesale packages and for export and import of packaged
commodities and also provides for registration of manufacturers and packers. The said rules also lays down
specific provisions for e-commerce transactions and online sale of packaged commodities.

The Telangana Shops and Establishment Act, 1988
Establishments operating in the State of Telangana are required to obtain registration under the Telangana Shops
and Establishments Act, 1988. The Act governs the conditions of work and employment in shops and commercial
establishments and regulates matters including hours of work, rest intervals, overtime wages, weekly holidays,
leave with wages, opening and closing hours, and termination of service. It also prescribes obligations relating to
maintenance of registers and records, display of notices, health and safety of employees, and other welfare
measures. Every shop and commercial establishment is required to secure registration with the prescribed
authority within the stipulated time and to ensure ongoing compliance with the provisions of the Act and the rules
framed thereunder, failing which penalties may be attracted.
The Telangana Tax on Professions, Trades, Callings and Employments Act, 1987

The Company is subject to the provisions of the Telangana Tax on Professions, Trades, Callings and Employments
Act, 1987 and the rules framed thereunder, which provide for the levy and collection of professional tax on persons
engaged in professions, trades, callings or employments within the State of Telangana. Under the Act, the
Company is required to register with the prescribed authorities, deduct and remit professional tax in respect of its
employees, and comply with applicable filing, payment and record-keeping requirements within the prescribed
timelines. Non-compliance with the provisions of the Act may attract interest, penalties or other statutory
consequences.
LAWS RELATING TO EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR LAWS

The various labour and employment related legislation that may apply to our operations, from the perspective of
protecting the workers’ rights and specifying registration, reporting and other compliances, and the requirements
that may apply to us as an employer, would include, among others, the following: (i) Contract Labour (Regulation
and Abolition) Act, 1970; (ii) Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952; (iii)
Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948; (iv) Minimum Wages Act, 1948; (v) Payment of Bonus Act, 1965; (vi)
Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972; (vii) Payment of Wages Act, 1936; (viii) Maternity Benefit Act, 1961; (ix)
Apprenticeship Act, 1961; (x) Equal Remuneration Act, 1976; (xi) Employees’ Compensation Act, 1923; (xii)
The Factories Act, 1948; amongst other laws. In order to rationalize and reform labour laws in India, the
Government has enacted the following codes:-



                                                        195
Code on Wages, 2019

The Code on Wages regulates and amalgamates wage and bonus payments and subsumes four existing laws
namely –the Payment of Wages Act, 1936, the Minimum Wages Act, 1948, the Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 and
the Equal Remuneration Act, 1976. It regulates, inter alia, the minimum wages payable to employees, the manner
of payment and calculation of wages and the payment of bonus to employee.

The Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020

The Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, received the assent of the President of
India on September 28, 2020. It consolidates and amends the laws regulating the occupational safety and health
and working conditions of the persons employed in an establishment. The Code amalgamates, simplifies and
rationalises the relevant provisions of the following thirteen Central labour enactments namely- The Factories
Act, 1948; The Plantations Labour Act, 1951; The Mines Act, 1952; The Working Journalists and other
Newspaper Employees (Conditions of Service and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1955; The Working Journalists
(Fixation of Rates of Wages) Act, 1958; The Motor Transport Workers Act, 1961; The Beedi and Cigar Workers
(Conditions of Employment) Act, 1966; The Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970; The Sales
Promotion Employees (Condition of Service) Act, 1976; The Inter-State Migrant Workmen (Regulation of
Employment and Conditions of Service) Act, 1979; The Cine Workers and Cinema Theatre Workers Act, 1981;
The Dock Workers (Safety, Health and Welfare) Act, 1986; and The Building and Other Construction Workers
(Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act, 1996.

Industrial Relations Code, 2020

Industrial Relations Code, 2020, which consolidates and amends laws relating to trade unions, the conditions of
employment in industrial establishments and undertakings, and the investigation and settlement of industrial
disputes received the assent of the President of India on September 28, 2020. It subsumes the Trade Unions Act,
1926, the Industrial Employment (Standing Orders) Act, 1946 and the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947.

Code on Social Security, 2020

The Code on Social Security amends and consolidates laws relating to social security, and subsumes various
social security related legislations, inter alia including the Employee’s State Insurance Act, 1948, the Employees’
Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, Building and Other
Construction Worker Welfare Cess Act, 1996 and the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. It governs the constitution
and functioning of social security organisations such as the Employee’s Provident Fund Organisation and the
Employee’s State Insurance Corporation, regulates the payment of gratuity, the provision of maternity benefits
and compensation in the event of accidents that employees may suffer, among others.

Child Labour Prohibition and Regulation Act, 1986

The Child Labour Prohibition and Regulation Act 1986 prohibits employment of children below 14 years of age
in certain occupations and processes and provides for regulation of employment of children in all other
occupations and processes.

The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013

In order to curb the rise in sexual harassment of women at workplace, this Act was enacted for prevention and
redressal of complaints and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. The terms sexual harassment
and workplace are both defined in the Act. Every employer should also constitute an “Internal Complaints
Committee” and every officer and member of the company shall hold office for a period of not exceeding three
years from the date of nomination. Any aggrieved woman can make a complaint in writing to the Internal
Committee in relation to sexual harassment of female at workplace. Every employer has a duty to provide a safe
working environment at workplace which shall include safety from the persons coming into contact at the
workplace, organising awareness programs and workshops, display of rules relating to the sexual harassment at


                                                       196
any conspicuous part of the workplace, provide necessary facilities to the internal or local committee for dealing
with the complaint, such other procedural requirements to assess the complaints.

FOREIGN INVESTMENT LAWS

Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act of 1992 (the “Foreign Trade Act”), the Foreign Trade
(Regulation) Rules, 1993 (“FTRR”) and the Foreign Trade Policy 2015-2020 (“Foreign Trade Policy”)

The Foreign Trade Act, read with the applicable provisions of the Indian Foreign Trade Policy 2023, authorizes
the government to formulate as well as announce the export and import policy and to keep amending the same on
a timely basis. The Central Government has also been given a wide power to prohibit, restrict and regulate the
exports and imports in general as well as specified cases of foreign trade. The Foreign Trade Act requires every
importer as well as exporter to obtain the Importer Exporter Code Number (“IEC”) from the Director-General or
the authorized officer. The Director General is authorized to suspend or cancel IEC in case of (i) contravention
by any person any of the provisions of the Foreign Trade Act or any rules or orders made thereunder or the foreign
trade policy or any other law for the time being in force relating to Central excise or customs or foreign exchange
or person has committed any other economic offence under any other law for the time being in force as may be
specified by the Central Government or (ii) making an export or import in a manner prejudicial to the trade relations
of India with any foreign country or to the interests of other persons engaged in imports or exports or has brought
disrepute to the credit or the goods of, or services or technology provided from, the country; or (iii) importing or
exporting specified goods or services or technology, in contravention of any provision of the Foreign Trade Act
or any rules or orders made thereunder or the foreign trade policy. Where any IEC number granted to a person
has been suspended or cancelled, the person shall not be entitled to import or export any goods or services or
technology except under a special license, granted by the Director General to that person in a manner and subject
to conditions as may be prescribed.

TAX RELATED LEGISLATIONS

Income Tax Act, 2025 and the Income Tax Rules, 2026, as amended by the Finance Act in respective years

The Income Tax Act, 2025(the “Income Tax Act”) is applicable to every company, whether domestic or foreign,
whose income is taxable under the provisions of the Income Tax Act or rules made thereunder depending upon
its “Residential Status” and “Type of Income” involved. The Income Tax Act provides for the taxation of persons
resident in India on global income and persons not resident in India on income received, accruing or arising in
India or deemed to have been received, accrued or arising in India. Every company required to pay income tax
under the Income Tax Act is required to comply with the provisions thereof, including those relating to tax
deduction at source, advance tax, minimum alternative tax, etc. With effect from April 01, 2026, the Government
enacted the Income-tax Act, 2025, pursuant to which a comprehensive and simplified framework for taxation
has been introduced, including streamlined provisions relating to computation of income, classification of income,
and compliance requirements.

Customs Act, 1962 and the Customs Tariff Act, 1975

The Customs Act, as amended, regulates import of goods into and export of goods from India by providing for
levy and collection of customs duties on goods in accordance with the Customs Tariff Act, 1975. Any Company
requiring importing or export goods is required to obtain an Importer Exporter Code under Foreign Trade
(Development and Regulation) Act, 1992. Customs duties are administrated by Central Board of Indirect Tax and
Customs under the Ministry of Finance. Imported goods and export goods are subject to duties of customs as
specified under the Customs Tariff Act, 1975.In addition to the aforementioned material legislation which are
applicable to our Company, some of the tax legislation that may be applicable to the operations of our Company
include:

 •   Indian Stamp Act, 1899 and various state-wise legislations made thereunder; and
 •   State-wise legislations in relation to professional tax.

Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017


                                                        197
The Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) is levied on supply of goods or services or both jointly by the Central
Government and State Governments. GST provides for imposition of tax on the supply of goods or services and
will be levied by the Central Government and by the state government including union territories on intra-state
supply of goods or services. Further, the Central Government levies GST on the inter-state supply of goods or
services. The GST is enforced through various acts viz. Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 (“CGST”),
relevant state’s Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 (“SGST”), Union Territory Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017
(“UTGST”), Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 (“IGST”), Goods and Services (Compensation to
States) Tax Act, 2017 and various rules made thereunder.

ENVIRONMENTAL RELATED LEGISLATIONS

Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 as amended (“EPA”) and the Environment Protection Rules, 1986 (the
“EP Rules”) read with the Environmental Impact Assessment Notification, 2006 (“EIA Notification”)

The EPA was enacted to provide a framework for co-ordination of the activities of various central and state
authorities established under previous laws. The EPA authorizes central government to protect and improve
environment quality, control and reduce pollution. The EPA specifies that no person carrying on any industry,
operation or process shall discharge or emit or permit to be discharged or emitted any environment pollutants in
excess of such standards as prescribed. Contravention or failure to comply with the provisions of the EPA may
attract penalties in the form of imprisonment or fine. Further, the EP Rules specifies, amongst others, the standards
for emission or discharge of environmental pollutants, and restrictions on the handling of hazardous substances
in different areas.

Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 (the “Water Act”) and Water (Prevention and Control
of Pollution) Rules, 1975 (“Water Rules”)

The Water Act was enacted to control and prevent water pollution and for maintaining and restoring of
wholesomeness of water in the country. The Water Act was enacted to control and prevent water pollution and
for maintaining or restoring the purity of water in India. The objective of this legislation is to ensure that domestic
and industrial pollutants are not discharged into streams and wells without adequate treatment. Further, the Water
Act also provides for the establishment of central pollution control board and state pollution control board with a
view to carrying out the aforesaid purpose. The Water Act prescribes specific amounts of fine and terms of
imprisonment for various contraventions.

Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 (the “Hazardous
Waste Rules”)

The Hazardous Waste Rules, read with the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 as amended, ensure resource
recovery and disposal of hazardous waste in an environmentally sound manner. A categorical list of processes
and their respective hazardous wastes, and waste constituents with respective concentration limits has been
provided in the schedules of the Hazardous Waste Rules. The Hazardous Wastes Rules require every occupier
engaged in the generation, handling, processing, treatment, package, storage, transportation, use, collection,
destruction, transfer or the like of hazardous wastes to obtain authorization from the concerned state pollution
control board, as applicable.

Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 (“Air Act”)

Under the Air Act, the relevant state pollution control board may inspect any industrial plant or manufacturing
process and give orders, as it may deem fit, for the prevention, control and abatement of air pollution. Further,
industrial plants and manufacturing processes are required to adhere to the standards for emission of air pollutants
laid down by the relevant state pollution control board, in consultation with the Central Pollution Control Board.
The relevant state pollution control board is also empowered to declare air pollution control areas. Additionally,
consent of the state pollution control board is required prior to establishing and operating an industrial plant. The
consent by the state pollution control board may contain provisions regarding installation of pollution control
equipment and the quantity of emissions permitted at the industrial plant.

Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016 (the “Plastic Waste Management Rules”)


                                                         198
In terms of the Plastic Waste Management Rules, all institutional generators of plastic waste, are required to,
among others, segregate and store the waste generated by them in accordance with the Solid Waste Management
Rules, 2016, and handover segregated wastes to authorized waste processing or disposal facilities or deposition
centers, either on its own or through the authorized waste collection agency. The waste generator shall also take
steps to minimize generation of plastic waste. These rules also require the producers, importers and brand owners
to collect back the plastic waste generated due to their products

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RELATED LEGISLATIONS

Trademarks Act, 1999 and Trademark Rules, 2017 (“Trademark Rules”)

The Trademarks Act provides for the application and registration of trademarks in India for granting exclusive
rights to marks such as a brand, label and heading and obtaining relief in case of infringement. The Trademarks
Act also prohibits any registration of deceptively similar trademarks or compounds, among others. It also provides
for infringement, falsifying and falsely applying for trademarks. The Trademarks Act prohibits registration of
deceptively similar trademarks and provides 221 for penalties for infringement, falsifying and falsely applying
trademarks among others. The Trademarks Rules, lay down certain guidelines regarding procedure. Some of the
salient features of the Trademarks Rules include the process for determination of ‘well-known’ trademarks,
representation of sound marks, recognition of e-mail as a mode of service, new registration fees and mandatory
filing of statements of users. Further, pursuant to the notification of the Trademarks (Amendment) Act, 2010,
simultaneous protection of trademark in India and other countries has been made available to owners of Indian
and foreign trademarks. It also seeks to simplify the law relating to the transfer of ownership of trademarks by
assignment or transmission and to bring the law in line with international practices.

The Copyright Act, 1957 and the Copyright Rules, 2013

The Copyright Act, 1957 (the “Copyright Act”) provides for registration of copyrights, transfer of ownership
and licensing of copyrights, and contains provisions infringement of copyrights and remedies. The Copyright Act
affords copyright protection to original literary, dramatic, musical or artistic works, cinematograph films, and
sound recordings. The remedies available in the event of infringement of copyright include civil proceedings for
damages, account of profits, injunction and the delivery of infringing copies to the copyright owner, as well as
criminal remedies, including imprisonment of the accused and imposition of fines and seizure of infringing copies.
While copyright registration is not a prerequisite for acquiring or enforcing a copyright, registration creates a
presumption favouring ownership of the copyright by the registered owner.

Following the issuance of the International Copyright Order, 1999, subject to certain exceptions, the provisions
of the Copyright Act apply to nationals of all member states of the World Trade Organization.

The Patents Act, 1970 (the “Patents Act”)

Among various intellectual property laws, one such act is Patent Act that gives protection to the creator of
invention or involving any inventive/innovative step that has some sort of commercial applicability. The act
defines inventive step” means a feature of an invention that involves technical advance as compared to the existing
knowledge or having economic significance or both and that makes the invention not obvious to a person skilled
in the art. Chapter II section 3 and section 4 of the act provides for inventions not patentable means will not be
considered as inventions. The patent shall be granted for the period of 20 years from the date of filing of the
application for the patent.

GENERAL STATUTORY LEGISLATIONS

The Indian Contract Act, 1872

Indian Contract Act governs the conditions for validity of contracts formed through electronic means;
communication and acceptance of proposals; competency of people to contract, additionally, revocation, and
contract formation between consumers, sellers, and intermediaries. The terms of service, privacy policy, and return
policies of any online platform are legally binding agreements and often governed by provisions of the Indian
Contract Act, 1872. However, the law is not updated yet to deal with electronic contracts, where there is absence

                                                       199
of online signatures.

Sale of Goods Act, 1930 (the “Sale of Goods Act”)

Sale of Goods Act governs contracts relating to sale of goods. The contracts for sale of goods are subject to the
general principles of the law relating to contracts i.e. the Indian Contract Act, 1872. A contract for sale of goods
has, however, certain peculiar features such as, transfer of ownership of the goods, delivery of goods, rights and
duties of the buyer and seller, remedies for breach of contract, conditions and warranties implied under a contract
for sale of goods. Which are the subject matter of the provision of the Sale of Goods Act.

Competition Act, 2002

The Competition Act, 2002 came into effect on June 1, 2011, and has been enacted to “prohibit anti- competitive
agreements, abuse of dominant positions by enterprises” and regulates “combinations” in India. The Competition
Act also established the Competition Commission of India (the “CCI”) as the authority mandated to implement
the Competition Act. The Act prohibits Combinations which are likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on
competition in a relevant market in India. The CCI may enquire into all combinations, even if taking place
outside India, or between parties outside India, if such combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect
on competition in India.

The Companies Act, 2013

The Companies Act primarily regulates the formation, financing, functioning and restructuring of separate legal
entity as companies. The Act provides regulatory and compliance mechanism regarding all relevant aspects
including organizational, financial and managerial aspects of companies. The provisions of the Act state the
eligibility, procedure and execution for various functions of the company, the relation and action of the
management and that of the shareholders. The law lays down transparency, corporate governance and protection
of shareholders & creditors. The Companies Act plays the balancing role between these two competing factors,
namely, management autonomy and investor protection.

Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881

In India, cheques are governed by the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881, which is largely a codification of the
English Law on the subject. The Act provides effective legal provision to restrain people from issuing cheques
without having sufficient funds in their account or any stringent provision to punish them in the event of such
cheque not being honoured by their bankers and returned unpaid. Section 138 of the Act creates statutory offence
in the matter of dishonour of cheques on the ground of insufficiency of funds in the account maintained by a
person with the banker which is punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years, or with
fine which may extend to twice the amount of the cheque, or with both.

The Indian Stamp Act, 1899

Under the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 (“Stamp Act”), as amended, stamp duty is payable on instruments that
evidence the transfer, creation, or extinguishment of any right, title, or interest in immovable property. Stamp
duty must be paid on all such instruments at the rates prescribed in the schedules to the Stamp Act. The applicable
rates vary from state to state. An instrument that is not duly stamped is inadmissible as evidence before a civil
court, arbitrator, or any other authority empowered to receive evidence.

The Transfer of Property Act, 1882

The Transfer of Property Act, 1882 (“TP Act”) as amended, establishes the general principles relating to transfer
of property in India. It forms a basis for identifying the categories of property that are capable of being transferred,
the persons competent to transfer property, the validity of restrictions and conditions imposed on the transfer and
the creation of contingencies and vested interest in the property. It also provides for the rights and liabilities of
the vendor and purchaser in a transaction of sale of land.

The Registration Act, 1908

                                                          200
The Registration Act, 1908, as amended, has been enacted with the objective of providing public notice of the
execution of documents affecting, inter alia, the transfer of interest in immovable property. The purpose of the
Registration Act, 1908 is the conservation of evidence, assurances, title and publication of documents and
prevention of fraud. It details the formalities for registering an instrument.




                        (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                      201
                                HISTORY AND CORPORATE STRUCTURE


BRIEF HISTORY AND BACKGROUND OF OUR COMPANY

Our Company was originally incorporated under the name “Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited” under
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 vide certificate of incorporation dated June 16, 2022 issued by the
Deputy Registrar of Companies, Central Registration Centre. Further, the company commenced its business
from June 16, 2022. Thereafter, our Company was converted from a private limited company to a public limited
company, pursuant to a resolution passed by our Board of Directors at their meeting held on November 25,
2025 and by our Shareholders at the EGM held on November 28, 2025 following which the name of our
Company was changed to ‘Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited’ and a fresh certificate of incorporation
consequent upon change of name was by Registrar of Companies, Central Processing Centre, on December
12, 2025. The corporate identification number of our company is U24110TG2022PLC163732.

Rohit Asawa, Divya Asawa, Chanda Asawa and Rama Raju Penmatsa are the current Promoters of our Company.
For further details of our Promoters please refer to the chapter titled “Promoters and Promoter Group”
beginning on page 224 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

CHANGES IN THE REGISTERED OFFICE

The registered office of our Company is currently situated at Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park,
Cherlapally, Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal, Hyderabad-500051, Telangana, India.

Except as disclosed below, there have no changed in our registered office since our incorporation:

 Effective     Date      of   Details of the change in address of the registered         Reason for change
 Change                       office
 August 21, 2023              The registered office of our Company was changed           Administrative
                              from Plot No. 43 & 42 Part, RBI Colony Mohan               convenience
                              Nagar, NA, Hyderabad, Telangana, India, 500035 to
                              Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development
                              Park, Cherlapally, Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal,
                              Hyderabad-500051, Telangana, India

MAJOR EVENTS & MILESTONES

The table below sets forth some of the major events & milestones in our history since its incorporation:

 Calendar Year          Events & Milestones
 2022                   Commenced business in the name of “Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited”.
                        ISO 22000: 2018 (conformity to food safety management system) granted by QCS
                        which is accredited by Global Accreditation Certification Board for manufacturing
                        (domestic & export) of food supplements, nutraceuticals, dietary supplement,
                        probiotics, ayush & herbal formulations of tablets, capsules, powders, sachets,
                        gummies and syrups.(1)

                        ISO 9001: 2015 (conformity to quality management system) granted by QCS which is
                        accredited by Global Accreditation Certification Board for manufacturing (domestic &
                        export) of food supplements, nutraceuticals, dietary supplement, probiotics, ayush &
                        herbal formulations of tablets, capsules, powders, sachets, gummies, syrups and
                        cosmetics.(2)
                        WHO-GMP certification granted by QCS which is accredited by Global Accreditation
                        Certification Board for manufacturing (domestic & export) of food supplements,
                        nutraceuticals, dietary supplement, probiotics, ayush & herbal formulations of tablets,
                        capsules, powders, sachets, gummies and syrups. (3)
                        Our Company commenced its first sales operations and established its initial market
                        presence in Andhra Pradesh.

                                                        202
 Calendar Year         Events & Milestones
 2023                  Our Company expanded its geographical footprint and commenced sales operations
                       across 12 states namely Telangana, Madhya Pradesh, Assam, Tamil Nadu, Kerala,
                       Punjab, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Rajasthan, West Bengal, Haryana and Gujarat,
                       thereby strengthening its market presence.
                       Our Company commenced its first sales operations for its Ayurvedic products in the
                       states of Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Madhya Pradesh.
                       Our Company began production of hard-gel capsule formulations.
 2024                  Our Company expanded its sales operations to two states and one union territory,
                       namely Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand and Delhi.
 2025                   Our Company further expanded its sales operations by commencing operations in the
                        state of Uttarakhand.
                        Our Company has been recognized as a “Startup” by the Department for Promotion of
                        Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT), Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government
                        of India.
                        Conversion was converted from private limited company into a public limited company
                        under the name of “Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited”.
(1)
    Validity till November 16, 2028
(2)
    Validity till November 16, 2028
(3)
    Validity till November 16, 2028

Key Awards, Accreditations or Recognitions

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not received any key awards, accreditations
or recognitions.

DETAILS     REGARDING      MATERIAL  ACQUISITIONS OR DISINVESTMENTS  OF
BUSINESS/UNDERTAKINGS, MERGERS, AMALGAMATION, ANY REVALUATION OF ASSETS
ETC., IF ANY, IN THE LAST TEN YEARS.

Except as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not made any material acquisitions
or divestments of any business or undertakings, mergers, amalgamation or revaluation of assets in the last ten
(10) years preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

MAIN OBJECTS

The main objects of our Company, as set forth in our Memorandum of Association of our Company, are as
follows:

 Clause      Main Objects
             1. To carry on in India or abroad the business to manufacture, fabricate, treat, prepare, convert,
             ferment, finish, clean, process, produce, make, import export, promote buy, sell, supply pack,
             repack, market and to act as consignor, agents, merchants distributors, stockiest or otherwise to
             deal in all types of food supplements and food ingredients used in food processing industry.
             2. To manufacture, formulate, process, develop, refine, import, export, wholesale and/or retail
             trade all kinds of pharmaceuticals, antibiotics, drugs, medicines, biological, nutraceuticals,
   III (a)   healthcare, ayurvedic medicines and dietary supplement products, medicinal preparations,
             pharmaceutical preparations formulations, derivatives, compounds, essences, extracts, tinctures
             tablets and capsules, vaccines, chemicals, chemical products, dry salters, mineral waters, wines,
             cordials and other restoratives or foods and to carry on the business of vialling, bottling,
             repacking, processing of tablets, capsules, syrups, injections, ointments, etc. and also to carry on
             the business of chemists, drug......gists, buyers, sellers, agents, distributors and stockiest of all
             kinds of pharmaceuticals and allied products.




                                                       203
 Clause      Main Objects
             3. To carry on in India or abroad business of importers, merchants, general order suppliers,
             commission agents, representatives, distributors, royalty owner, contractors, auctioneers, indent
             agents, passage agents, factors, organizers, concessionaries, sale agents, sub agents, and
             insurance agents, in connection with the business as referred to in sub-clause 1 and 2 above. To
             establish and run health portal, web sites, medical transcription centers, data processing/computer
             centers, retail chains, e-commerce, and to offer wholesale, retail, e-commerce facilities, and other
             services that are normally offered by health portal, web sites etc.”

The main objects as contained in the MOA enable our Company to carry on the business presently being carried
out and the activities proposed to be undertaken pursuant to the objects of this Issue.

AMENDMENTS TO THE MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

Except as stated below there has been no change in the Memorandum of Association of our Company since its
Incorporation:

 Date       of    Particulars
 Shareholder’s
 resolution
 July 23, 2022   Clause V of the Memorandum of Association was amended to reflect the increase in
                 Authorized Share Capital of the Company from ₹10,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Lakhs only)
                 divided into 1,00,000 (One Lakh) Equity Shares of ₹10/- (Rupees Ten only) each to
                 ₹50,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty Lakh only) divided into 5,00,000 (Five Lakh) Equity shares
                 bearing face value of ₹10/- (Rupees Ten only) each.
 January     03, Clause V of the Memorandum of Association was amended to reflect the increase in
 2023            Authorized Share Capital of the Company from ₹50,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty Lakhs only)
                 divided into 5,00,000 (Five Lakh) Equity shares bearing face value of ₹10/- (Rupees Ten
                 only) each to ₹1,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Crore Only) divided into 10,00,000 (Ten Lakh)
                 Equity shares bearing face value of ₹10/- (Rupees Ten only) each.
 February    26, Clause V of the Memorandum of Association was amended to reflect the increase in
 2025            Authorized Share Capital of the Company from ₹1,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Crores Only)
                 divided into 10,00,000 (Ten Lakh) Equity shares bearing face value of ₹10/- (Rupees Ten
                 only) each to ₹7,00,00,000/- (Rupees Seven Crore Only) divided into 70,00,000 (Seventy
                 Lakh) Equity shares bearing face value of ₹10/- (Rupees Ten only) each.
 November 28, Clause I of the Memorandum of Association was amended to reflect change in name
 2025         ‘Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited’ to ‘Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited’ and
              a fresh Certificate of Incorporation consequent upon change of name was issued by the
              Registrar of Companies, Central Processing Centre vide certificate dated December 12, 2025.
 March 09, 2026 Clause V of the Memorandum of Association was amended to reflect the increase in
                Authorized Share Capital of the Company from ₹7,00,00,000/- (Rupees Seven Crore Only)
                divided into 70,00,000 (Seventy Lakh) Equity shares bearing face value of ₹10/- (Rupees
                Ten only) each to ₹10,00,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Crores Only) divided into 1,00,00,000 (One
                Crore) Equity shares bearing face value of ₹10/- (Rupees Ten only) each.

OUR HOLDING COMPANY

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company is not a subsidiary of a holding company.

OUR SUBSIDIARY

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company does not have any subsidiaries.

OUR ASSOCIATE COMPANY

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company does not have any associate companies.

JOINT VENTURES


                                                      204
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not entered into joint ventures or joint
venture agreements.

CHANGES IN ACTIVITIES OF OUR COMPANY DURING THE LAST FIVE (5) YEARS

There has not been any change in the activity of our Company during the last five (5) years preceding the date of
this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

REVALUATION OF ASSETS

Our Company has neither revalued its assets nor has issued any Equity Shares (including bonus shares) by
capitalizing any revaluation reserves in the last ten years.

INJUNCTION OR RESTRAINING ORDER

Except as disclosed in the section titled “Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments” beginning on
page 246 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no injunctions/restraining orders that have been passed
against the Company.

NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

Our Company has 42 shareholders as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details on
the shareholding pattern of our Company, please refer to the chapter titled “Capital Structure” beginning on page
80 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

CHANGES IN THE MANAGEMENT

For details of change in Management, please refer to the chapter titled “Management” on page 207 of this
Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

SIGNIFICANT FINANCIAL OR STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS

Except as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company does not have any significant financial or
strategic partnerships as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

TIME / COST OVERRUNS IN SETTING UP PROJECTS

There has been no time / cost overrun in setting up projects by our Company.

DEFAULTS OR RESCHEDULING/ RESTRUCTURING OF BORROWINGS WITH FINANCIAL
INSTITUTIONS/BANKS

There have been no defaults or rescheduling/ restructuring of borrowings with any financial institutions/ banks
as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

AGREEMENT WITH KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL, OR DIRECTORS OR PROMOTERS OR
ANY OTHER EMPLOYEE OF THE COMPANY

There are no agreements entered into by Key Managerial Personnel, or Directors or Promoters or any other
employee, either by themselves or on behalf of any other person, with any shareholder or any other third party
with regard to compensation or profit sharing in connection with dealings in the securities of the Company.

AGREEMENT THAT MAY IMPACT THE MANAGEMENT OR CONTROL OF OUR COMPANY OR
IMPOSE ANY RESTRICTION OR CREATE ANY LIABILITY UPON THE COMPANY

As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no agreements entered into by the Shareholders,
Promoters, Promoter Group entity, Related Parties, Directors, KMPs, employees of our Company or of our
Subsidiaries, among themselves or with our Company or with a third party, solely or jointly, which, either directly
or indirectly or potentially or whose purpose and effect is to, impact the management or control of our Company


                                                        205
or impose any restriction or create any liability upon our Company, whether or not our Company is a party to
such agreements.

SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT AND OTHER AGREEMENTS

There are no subsisting shareholder’s agreements and other agreements in relation to our Company, to which our
Company is a party or otherwise has notice of the same as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

OTHER DETAILS ABOUT THE COMPANY

For details regarding the description of our Company’s activities, products, market, growth, awards &
recognitions, capacity, locations, technology, marketing strategy, competition and our customers, managerial
competence, standing with reference to prominent competitors, launch of key products, entry in new geographies
or exit from existing markets, major distributors and customers, segment, marketing and competition, please
refer to the chapters titled “Business Overview”, “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Conditions and Results of Operations” and “Basis for Issue Price” on pages 164, 236 and 115, respectively of
this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For details of our management and managerial competence and for details of
shareholding of our Promoters, please refer to sections titled “Management” and "Capital Structure” beginning
on page 207 and 80, respectively, of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.




                        (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                     206
                                               MANAGEMENT

Under the Articles of Association of our Company, the number of Directors of the Company shall not be less than
3 (three) and not more than 15 (fifteen), subject to applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Board comprises 4 (four) Directors, including 1 (one)
Executive Directors, 1 (one) Non-Executive Women Director and 2 (two) Independent Directors. The present
composition of our Board and its committees is in accordance with the corporate governance requirements
provided under the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations.
The following table set forth details regarding our Board as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:
Name, Director Identification Number, date of birth, Age                       Other Directorship(s)
qualifications, experience, address, occupation and (years)
date of expiration of the current term of office of
manager, managing director, and other directors
(including nominee directors and, whole-time
directors) and period of directorship
Rohit Asawa                                                   36     Indian Companies
Designation: Chairman and Managing Director
DIN: 06379120                                                        Nil
Date of Birth: May 23, 1989
Qualifications: Postgraduate in electrical engineering.              Foreign Companies
Experience: Over 12 (twelve) years in technology and
nutraceutical and ayurvedic industry
                                                                     Nil
Address: 3-3-179 & 180 Flat No. 402, Asawa
Residency, Chappal Bazaar Kutbiguda, Hyderabad,
Telangana – 500027, India.
Occupation: Business
Date of expiration of current term of office: For a
period of 3 (three) years with effect from January 20,
2026; liable to retire by rotation.
Period of Directorship: Since October 04, 2022
Divya Asawa                                                   33     Indian Companies
Designation: Non-Executive Director
DIN: 11079091                                                        Nil
Date of Birth: May 27, 1992
Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in commerce and                    Foreign Companies
passed integrated professional competence exam
conducted by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India.                                                               Nil
Experience: Over 7 (seven) years          in financial
management, cost control and operational accuracy.
Address: H No: 11-1-314, Aghapura, Seetaram Pet,
Hyderabad, Telangana – 500012, India.
Occupation: Business
Date of expiration of current term of office: -
Period of Directorship: Since April 30, 2025
Abhisheak Dhoot                                               31     Indian Companies
Designation: Independent Director
DIN: 11353104                                                        Nil
Date of Birth: August 22, 1994
Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in commerce and is                 Foreign Companies
an associate member of the Institute of Company
Secretaries of India.

                                                       207
Name, Director Identification Number, date of birth, Age                       Other Directorship(s)
qualifications, experience, address, occupation and (years)
date of expiration of the current term of office of
manager, managing director, and other directors
(including nominee directors and, whole-time
directors) and period of directorship
Experience: Over 8 (eight) years in taxation, auditing      Nil
and financial advisory
Address: 12-10-97/30, Lingasugur Road, Paras Garden,
Raichur, Karnataka – 584101, India.
Occupation: Professional
Date of expiration of current term of office: For a
period of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from
November 28, 2025.
Period of Directorship: Since November 28, 2025
Ramya Inala                                                  32     Indian Companies
Designation: Independent Director
DIN: 08369694                                                       •     Corpedia Business Solutions Private
Date of Birth: June 02, 1993                                              Limited; and
Qualifications:       Bachelor’s degree in law from
Osmania University and is a company secretary.                      •     Mespace Global Private Limited.
Experience: Over 7 (seven) years in legal, corporate
secretarial and advisory matters
Address: 2-1-426, Street No. 4, Nallakunta, Hyderabad,              Foreign Companies
Telangana – 500044, India
Occupation: Professional                                            Nil
Date of expiration of current term of office:
Independent Director for a period of 5 (five) consecutive
years with effect from November 28, 2025.
Period of Directorship: Since November 28, 2025

BRIEF PROFILES OF OUR DIRECTORS
Rohit Asawa is the Chairman, Managing Director and one of the Promoters of our Company. He has been
associated with the Company since October 04, 2022. He holds a degree in technology, electronics and
communication engineering from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad and a master’s degree
in science in electrical engineering from San Jose State University, USA. He is currently associated with
Raghuveer Enterprises in the capacity of a partner and was previously associated with Sai Parenterals Private
Limited, Sree Kartikeya Kameswari Industries, Ericsson India Global Services Private Limited, Ericsson Inc., San
Jose, USA and San Jose State University Cisco Lab, USA. He has over 12 years of experience in technology and
nutraceutical and ayurvedic industry. He is responsible for management of affairs of the Company and shall work
on whole-time basis for the Company.

Divya Asawa is a Non-Executive Director and one of the Promoters of our Company. She has been associated
with the Company since April 30, 2025. She holds a provisional degree in commerce from the Faculty of
Commerce, Osmania University and has passed the Integrated Professional Competence Examination conducted
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. She is currently associated with Raghuveer Enterprises in the
capacity of a partner and was previously associated with Sree Kartikeya Kameswari Industries. She has over 7
years of experience in financial management, cost control and operational accuracy.

Abhisheak Dhoot is an Independent Director of our Company. He has been associated with the Company since
November 28, 2025. He attended BRB College of Commerce, Gulbarga University to pursue bachelors of
commerce and is also an associate member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. He is currently
associated with Abhisheak Dhoot & Co. in the capacity of a partner and was previously associated with Deloitte
Haskins & Sells LLP, Bengaluru and A.K. Channamallikarjunagouda & Co., Raichur. He has over 8 years of
experience in taxation, auditing and financial advisory.



                                                      208
Ramya Inala is an Independent Director of our Company. She has been associated with the Company since
November 28, 2025. She holds a bachelor of arts and bachelor of laws (B.A., LL.B) degree from PG College of
Law, Osmania University and is a Company Secretary. She is currently associated with SRIM & Associates in
the capacity of a partner and is on the board of Corpedia Business Solutions Private Limited and Mespace Global
Private Limited. She was previously associated with Oil Country Tubular Limited, KSK Water Infrastructure
Private Limited and Objectone Information Systems Limited. She has over 7 years of experience in legal,
corporate secretarial and advisory matters, including areas relating to corporate law, regulatory compliance and
governance practices.
RELATIONSHIP AMONGST OUR DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
Except as disclosed below, none of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, are related to each other:
 Name of Director             Related                      Nature of Relationship
 Rohit Asawa                  Divya Asawa                  Spouse
 Divya Asawa                  Rohit Asawa                  Spouse

ARRANGEMENT OR UNDERSTANDING WITH MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS,
SUPPLIERS OR OTHERS
There is no arrangement or understanding with the major shareholders, customers, suppliers or others, pursuant
to which any of our directors have been appointed on the Board.

SERVICE CONTRACTS WITH DIRECTORS
 Except statutory entitlements for benefits upon termination of their employment in our Company or retirement,
our directors has not entered into a service contract with our Company pursuant to which they are entitled to any
benefits upon termination of employment.

BORROWING POWERS OF OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant to a resolution passed by our Board in its meeting dated January 17, 2026 and our shareholders in their
extra-ordinary general meeting held on January 20,2026, our Board is authorised to borrow such sum or sums of
moneys and for availing all kinds and types of loans, advances and credit/financing/debt facilities including
issuance of all kinds of debentures/bonds and other debt instruments, from time to time, up to a sum of ₹100
Crores (Rupees One Hundred Crores) at any point of time on account of principal, for and on behalf of our
Company, from its bankers, other banks, non-banking financial companies, financial institutions, companies,
firms, bodies corporate, cooperative banks, investment institutions and their subsidiaries, mutual funds, trusts, or
from any other person as may be permitted under applicable laws, whether unsecured or secured.

OTHER CONFIRMATIONS
None of our Directors is or was a director of any listed company during the five years immediately preceding the
date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, whose shares have been or were suspended from being traded on any
of the stock exchange during their directorship in such companies.
None of our Directors have been declared as Wilful Defaulters nor as Fraudulent Borrowers by any bank or
financial institution or consortium thereof in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters or a fraudulent
borrower issued by the RBI.
None of our Directors is or was a director of any listed company which has been or was delisted from any stock
exchange during the term of their directorship in such company.
None of our Directors has been declared a fugitive economic offender in accordance with the Fugitive Economic
Offenders Act, 2018.
None of our Directors have been debarred from accessing capital markets by the Securities and Exchange Board
of India. Additionally, none of our Directors are or were, associated with any other company which is debarred
from accessing the capital market by the Securities and Exchange Board of India.

TERMS OF APPOINTMENT AND COMPENSATION OF CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
Rohit Asawa


                                                        209
Our Board at their meeting held on January 17, 2026 approved the appointment of Rohit Asawa as the Chairman
& Managing Director of our Company for a period of 3 (three) consecutive years with effect from January 20,
2026 till January 20, 2029. Our Shareholders authorised such appointment at their extra ordinary general meeting
held on January 20, 2026 setting out the terms and conditions and details of the appointment, remuneration and
other terms of his employment as provided below:
The details of remuneration of the Managing Director, as approved by Board and the Shareholders are as stated
below:
 Salary                  Up to ₹24,00,000 (Rupees twenty-four lakhs) per annum for a period of first 3 (three)
                         years. The remuneration payable to Mr. Rohit Asawa in any financial year, may exceed
                         5 (five) per cent of the net profits of the Company and the overall remuneration payable
                         to all Executive Directors including the Managing Director, in any financial year, may
                         excee10 (ten) per cent of the net profits of the Company. In ant financial year, during
                         the tenure of Mr. Rohit Asawa, if the Company has no profits or its profits are
                         inadequate, then Mr. Rohit Asawa will be paid in accordance with the provisions of
                         Schedule V of the Act.
 Perquisites             In addition to the salary received, the Managing Director of our Company is entitled to
                         the following perquisites and allowances:
                         • Medical Reimbursement: Reimbursement of the expenses incurred for self and
                               family or medical insurance for self and family subject to a ceiling of one month’s
                               salary in a year or three month’s salary over a period of 3 years.
                         • Leave Travel Concession: Leave travel concession for self and family once in a
                               year incurred in accordance with rule of the Company.
                               Explanation: Family means, the spouse, the dependent children and dependent
                               parents.
                         • Club Fees: Fees of club subject to maximum of two clubs. No admission and life
                               membership shall be paid.
                         • Gratuity as per the rules of Company: a) Company’s contribution towards
                               superannuation fund as per the rules of Company and of aforesaid perquisites
                               stated for the payment of gratuity shall not be included in the computation of
                               aforesaid ceiling on perquisites to the extent these either singly or put together are
                               not taxable under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
                         • Earned Leave: On full pay and allowance and perquisites as per rules of the
                               Company, but no exceeding one-month salary for 11 month’s service, Encashment
                               of leave at the end of tenure shall not be included in the computation of the
                               aforesaid ceiling on perquisites and/or salary. Provision for car for use on
                               Company’s business and telephone at residence shall not be considered as
                               perquisites, personal long-distance call and use of car for private use shall be billed
                               by our Company.
 Minimum                 In the event of loss or inadequacy of profits in any financial year, Mr. Rohit Asawa
 Remuneration            shall be entitled to receive a total remuneration including perquisites, etc., which may
                         exceeding the ceiling limits as approved by the Board of Directors and the members,
                         as minimum remuneration.

SITTING FEES OF OUR INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Pursuant to the board resolution dated January 17, 2026, our Non – Executive Director and Independent Directors
are entitled to receive a sitting fee of ₹ 5,000/- per meeting of the Board and ₹ 1,000/- per meeting of the
committees of the Board.
REMUNERATION OR BENEFIT TO DIRECTORS OF OUR COMPANY
Details of the remuneration and sitting or other remuneration paid to our Directors in Fiscal 2026 are set forth
below:-
                                                                                                        (₹ in lakhs)
 Sr. No.       Name of Director                                                Remuneration
 1.            Rohit Asawa                                                     18.24
 2.            Divya Asawa                                                     0.35^
 3.            Abhisheak Dhoot                                                 0.37^


                                                       210
    4.        Ramya Inala                                                          0.37^
^
The remuneration and/or sitting fees payable to the Directors have not been paid as on the date of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus.
BONUS OR PROFIT-SHARING PLAN OF OUR DIRECTORS


None of our Directors is entitled to any bonus or profit-sharing plans of our Company.

REMUNERATION PAID TO OUR DIRECTORS BY OUR SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has no Subsidiary or Associate Company.

CONTINGENT OR DEFERRED COMPENSATION PAID TO DIRECTORS BY OUR COMPANY
There is no contingent or deferred compensation payable to our directors which does not form part of their
remuneration.

SHAREHOLDING OF DIRECTORS IN OUR COMPANY
As per our Articles of Association, our directors are not required to hold any qualification shares.
Except as disclosed below, none of our Directors hold any Equity Shares of our Company, as on the date of this
Draft Red Herring Prospectus:
    S. Name                        No. of Equity Percentage of the pre- Percentage of the post-Issue of
    No.                            Shares        Issue Equity Share Equity Share Capital (%)
                                                 Capital (%)
    1. Rohit Asawa                           2,97,000                       4.71                   [●]
    2. Divya Asawa                          15,33,000                      24.31                   [●]
    Total                                   18,30,000                      29.02                   [●]

INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS
All our Executive Directors may be deemed to be interested to the extent of remuneration and reimbursement of
expenses, if any, payable to each of them, by our Company. Our Non-Executive Independent Directors may be
deemed to be interested to the extent the sitting fees and commission, if any, payable to them for attending
meetings of our Board and / or committees thereof as approved by our Board and, or, Shareholders, and the
reimbursement of expenses payable to them, as approved by our Board.
Further, except as disclosed under “Management - Shareholding of Directors in our Company” above, none of
our directors hold any Equity Shares or any other form of securities in our Company. Further, our directors may
also be deemed to be interested to the extent of any dividend payable to them and other distributions in respect of
the Equity Shares held by them in the Company. Our Directors may also be interested to the extent of Equity
Shares and to the extent of any dividend payable to them, if any, held by the entities in which they are associated
as promoters, directors, partners, proprietors, kartas or trustees or held by their relatives or that may be subscribed
by or allotted to the companies, firms, ventures, trusts in which they are interested as promoters, directors, partners,
proprietors, members or trustees, pursuant to the Issue.
No consideration in cash or shares or otherwise has been paid or agreed to be paid to any of our Directors or to
the firms or companies in which they are interested by any person either to induce them to become or to help them
qualify as a Director, or otherwise for services rendered by them or by the firm or company in which they are
interested, in connection with the promotion or formation of our Company.
Our Director are also interested to the extent of unsecured loans, if any, given by them to our Company or by their
relatives or by the companies/ firms in which they are interested as directors/ Members/ Partners. Further our
Directors are also interested to the extent of loans, if any, taken by them or their relatives or taken by the
companies/ firms in which they are interested as Directors/ Members/ Partners and for the details of Personal
Guarantee given by Directors towards Financial facilities of our Company please refer to the chapter titled
“Statement of Financial Indebtedness” beginning on page 234 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Our directors may be deemed to be interested to the extent of certain related party transactions that were
undertaken with them by our Company. Our Directors may also be deemed to be interested in the contracts,
agreements/arrangements entered into or to be entered into by our Company in the normal course of business with

                                                          211
any company in which they hold directorships or any partnership firm in which they are partners. For further
details, please refer to the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statement” beginning on page 231 of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus.
None of our Directors have any other interest in our Company or in any transaction by our Company including,
for acquisition of land, construction of buildings or supply of machinery.

INTEREST IN THE PROMOTION/FORMATION OF OUR COMPANY
Except for Rohit Asawa and Divya Asawa who are Directors and are also the promoters of the Company, none of
our directors have any interest in the promotion of our Company.

INTEREST AS TO PROPERTY
None of our Directors are interested in any property acquired or proposed to be acquired of our Company.
LOANS TO DIRECTORS
Our directors have not availed any loans from the Company.
OTHER INTERESTS
No sum has been paid or agreed to be paid to our Directors or to any firms or companies in which they may be
partners or members respective.

CHANGES IN OUR BOARD IN THE LAST THREE YEARS
Except for the following, there has been no change in the Board of Directors of the Company, in the last three
financial years.

           Name                  Date of Change                                  Reason
Devender Kumar Tak            October 04, 2022         Resigned as a Director
Rohit Asawa                   October 04, 2022         Appointed as a Director
Divya Asawa                   April 30, 2025           Appointed as an Additional Director
Divya Asawa                   September 30, 2025       Re-designated as Non – Executive Director
Sneha Penmatsa                November 25, 2025        Resigned as a Director
Abhisheak Dhoot               November 28, 2025        Appointed as an Independent Director
Ramya Inala                   November 28, 2025        Appointed as an Independent Director
Rohit Asawa                   January 20, 2026         Appointed as a Chairman and Managing Director




                        (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                       212
                                       MANAGEMENT ORGANISATION STRUCTURE




                                                           Board of Directors




                 Rohit Asawa               Divya Asawa (Non                 Abhisheak Dhoot            Ramya Inala
              (Managing Director)          Executive Director)           (Independent Director)   (Independent Director)




Krishna Kant Sarda              Pooja Biyani
 (Chief Financial           (Company Secretary &
      Officer)               Compliance Officer)




                                                           213
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The corporate governance provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations will be applicable to us immediately upon
the listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. We are in compliance with the requirements of the
applicable regulations, including the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of
corporate governance pertaining to the constitution of our Board and committees thereof and formulation of
policies.
Our Board has been constituted in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. Our Board functions either as a full board or through various
committees constituted to oversee specific operational areas. Our Company has complied with the corporate
governance requirements, particularly in relation to appointment of independent directors including that of a
woman director on our Board, constitution of an Audit Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee,
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. Our Board functions
either on its own or through committees constituted thereof, to oversee specific operational areas.
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Board comprises 04 Directors (including one women
Directors), which includes 01 Managing Director, 01 Non-Executive women Director and 02 Independent
Directors. In compliance with Section 152 of the Companies Act, not less than two thirds of the Directors
(excluding Independent Directors) are liable to retire by rotation.
Our Company undertakes to take all necessary steps to continue to comply with all the requirements of SEBI
Listing Regulations and the Companies Act.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
Our Board has constituted following committees in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act and
SEBI Listing Regulations:
1.     Audit Committee;
2.     Nomination and Remuneration Committee;
3.     Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee; and
4.     Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee of our Board was constituted by a resolution of our Board at their meeting held on January
17, 2026. The members of the Audit Committee are:
S.  Name of Director                    Committee Designation               Nature of Directorship
No.
1.     Abhisheak Dhoot                  Chairperson                         Independent Director
2.     Ramaya Inala                     Member                              Independent Director
3.     Rohit Asawa                      Member                              Executive Director

The Company Secretary will act as the Secretary of the Committee.
The scope and functions of the Audit Committee are in accordance with Section 177 of the Companies Act and
Regulation 18 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and its terms of reference are as follows:

Terms of Reference for the Audit Committee:

The Audit Committee shall be responsible for, among other things, from time to time, the following:

A.   Powers of the Audit Committee

The powers of the Audit Committee shall include the following:
1.   To investigate any activity within its terms of reference;
2.   To seek information from any employee;
3.   To obtain outside legal or other professional advice;
4.   To secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if it considers necessary; and
5.   Such other powers as may be prescribed under the Companies Act and SEBI Listing Regulations

                                                      214
Role of the Audit Committee
The role of the Audit Committee shall include the following:

1.   Oversight of financial reporting process and the disclosure of financial information relating to the Company
     to ensure that the financial statements are correct, sufficient and credible.

2.   Recommendation for appointment, re-appointment, replacement, remuneration and terms of appointment of
     auditors of the Company and the fixation of the audit fee.

3.   Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors.

4.   Formulation of a policy on related party transactions, which shall include materiality of related party
     transactions.

5.   Reviewing, at least on a quarterly basis, the details of related party transactions entered by the Company
     pursuant to each of the omnibus approvals given.

6.   Examining and reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor's report thereon
     before submission to the Board for approval, with reference to:

     •   Matters required to be included in the director's responsibility statement to be included in the board's
         report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013
     •   Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;
     •   Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;
     •   Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;
     •   Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements;
     •   Disclosure of any related party transactions; and
     •   Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.

7.   Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial statements before
     submission to the Board for approval;

8.   Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised through an offer (public
     offer, rights offer, preferential offer, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated
     in the Offer document / prospectus / notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the
     utilisation of proceeds of a public or rights offer, and making appropriate recommendations to the Board to
     take up steps in this matter;

9.   Reviewing and monitoring the auditor's independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit process;

10. Approval of any subsequent modification of transactions of the Company with related parties and omnibus
    approval for related party transactions proposed to be entered into by the Company, subject to the conditions
    as may be prescribed;

     Explanation: The term "related party transactions" shall have the same meaning as provided in Clause 2(zc)
     of the SEBI Listing Regulations and/or the applicable Accounting Standards and/or the Companies Act, 2013.

11. Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;

12. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary;

13. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;

14. Reviewing with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the internal
    control systems;


                                                          215
15. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit
    department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and
    frequency of internal audit;

16. Discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up there on;

17. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is
    suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the
    matter to the Board;

18. Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well
    as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;

19. Recommending to the board of directors the appointment and removal of the external auditor, fixation of
    audit fees and approval for payment for any other services;

20. Looking into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to depositors, debenture holders, members
    (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;

21. Reviewing the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism;

22. Monitoring the end use of funds raised through public offers and related matters;

23. Overseeing the vigil mechanism established by the Company, with the chairman of the Audit Committee
    directly hearing grievances of victimization of employees and directors, who used vigil mechanism to report
    genuine concerns in appropriate and exceptional cases;

24. Approval of appointment of chief financial officer (i.e., the whole-time finance Director or any other person
    heading the finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience and
    background, etc. of the candidate;

25. Reviewing the utilization of loans and/or advances from / investment by the holding company in the
    subsidiary exceeding 100,00,00,000 or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including
    existing loans / advances / investments existing;

26. Carrying out any other functions required to be carried out as per the terms of reference of the Audit
    Committee as contained in the SEBI Listing Regulations or any other applicable law, as and when amended
    from time to time;

27. Consider and comment on rationale, cost- benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger,
    amalgamation etc., on the Company and its members; and

28. To review compliance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of
    Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, at least once in a financial year and shall verify that the systems for
    internal control under the said regulations are adequate and are operating effectively; and

29. Such roles as may be prescribed under the Companies Act, SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable
    provisions;

30. Approve all related party transactions and subsequent material modifications
The Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the following information:

a)    Management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations;
b)    Management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses offered by the statutory auditors;
c)    Internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses;
d)    The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor;

                                                       216
e)       Statement of deviations in terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations:
         •    quarterly statement of deviations) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to
              stock exchange(s) where the Equity Shares are proposed to be listed in terms of Regulation 32(1) of
              the SEBI Listing Regulations; and
         •    annual statement of funds utilised for purposes other than those stated in the offer
              document/prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
f)       review the financial statements, particularly the investments made by any unlisted subsidiary.


Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of our Board was constituted by a resolution of our Board at their
meeting held on January 17, 2026. The members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are:
S.  Name of Director                       Committee Designation               Nature of Directorship
No.
1.       Ramya Inala                       Chairperson                         Independent Director
2.       Abhisheak Dhoot                   Member                              Independent Director
3.       Divya Asawa                       Member                              Non – Executive Director

The scope and functions of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are in accordance with Section 178 of
the Companies Act and Regulation 19 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and its terms of reference are as follows:

Terms of Reference for the Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall be responsible for, among other things, the following:

1.   Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive and independence of a director and
     recommend to the board of directors of the company the “Board” or “Board of Directors”) a policy relating
     to the remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees (“Remuneration
     Policy”).

     The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, while formulating the above policy, should ensure that:

     •       The level and composition of remuneration be reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate
             directors of the quality required to run our Company successfully;
     •       relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance benchmarks;
             and
     •       remuneration to directors, Key managerial personnel and senior management involves a balance
             between fixed, and incentive pay reflecting short-term and long-term performance objectives
             appropriate to the working of the Company and its goals.

2.   Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the Board.

3.   Devising a policy on Board diversity.

4.   Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed as senior management
     in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board their appointment and removal and
     carrying out effective evaluation of performance of Board, its committees and individual directors (including
     independent directors) to be carried out either by independent external agency and review its implementation
     and compliance.

5.   Analysing, monitoring and reviewing various human resource and compensation matters.

6.   Deciding whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of
     the report of performance evaluation of independent directors.


                                                         217
7.   Determining the Company's policy on specific remuneration packages for executive directors including
     pension rights and any compensation payment and determining remuneration packages of such directors.

8.   Recommending to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management and other
     staff, as deemed necessary.

9.   Reviewing and approving the Company's compensation strategy from time to time in the context of the then
     current Indian market in accordance with applicable law.

10. Perform such functions as are required to be performed by the compensation committee under the Securities
    and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, if
    applicable.

11. Frame suitable policies, procedures and systems to ensure that there is no violation of securities laws, as
    amended from time to time, including:
    •    the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; and
    •    the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices
         Relating to the Securities Market) Regulations, 2003, by the trust, the Company and its employees, as
         applicable.

12. Administering monitoring and formulating detailed terms and conditions the employee stock option scheme/
    plan approved by the Board and the members of the Company in accordance with the terms of such scheme/
    plan (“ESOP Scheme”), if any.

13. Construing and interpreting the ESOP Scheme and any agreements defining the rights and obligations of the
    Company and eligible employees under the ESOP Scheme, and prescribing, amending and/ or rescinding
    rules and regulations relating to the administration of the ESOP Scheme.

14. Perform such other activities as may be delegated by the Board or specified/ provided under the Companies
    Act, 2013 to the extent notified and effective, as amended or by the Securities and Exchange Board of India
    (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended or by any other applicable
    law or regulatory authority.

15. For every appointment of an independent director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall
    evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and based on such evaluation, prepare
    a description of the role and capabilities required of an independent director. The person recommended to the
    Board for appointment as an independent director shall have the capabilities identified in such description.
    For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Committee may:
    •      use the services of an external agency, if required;
    •      consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
    •      consider the time commitments of the candidates.

16. Carrying out any other functions required to be carried out by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
    as contained in the SEBI Listing Regulations or any other applicable law, as and when amended from time to
    time.

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of our Board was constituted by a resolution of our Board at their
meeting held on January 17, 2026. The members of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee are:
S.  Name of Director                     Committee Designation                Nature of Directorship
No.
1.     Divya Asawa                       Chairperson                         Non-Executive Director
2.     Abhisheak Dhoot                   Member                              Independent Director
3.     Rohit Asawa                       Member                              Executive Director


                                                       218
Terms of Reference for the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee:

The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee shall be responsible for, among other things, as may be required by
the under applicable law, the following:

1     Considering and specifically looking into various aspects of interest of shareholders, debenture holders and
      other security holders;

2     Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the listed entity including complaints related to transfer /
      transmission of shares or debentures, including non-receipt of share or debenture certificates and review of
      cases for refusal of transfer / transmission of shares and debentures, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt
      of declared dividends, offer of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc. and assisting with quarterly
      reporting of such complaints;

3     Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by members;

4     Investigating complaints relating to allotment of shares, approval of transfer or transmission of shares,
      debentures or any other securities;

5     Giving effect to all transfer/transmission of shares and debentures, dematerialisation of shares and re-
      materialisation of shares, split and offer of duplicate/consolidated share certificates, compliance with all the
      requirements related to shares, debentures and other securities from time to time;

6     Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services being
      rendered by the registrar and share transfer agent of the Company and to recommend measures for overall
      improvement in the quality of investor services;

7     Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for reducing the quantum of
      unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the
      members of the company; and

8     Carrying out such other functions as may be specified by the Board from time to time or specified / provided
      under the Companies Act or SEBI Listing Regulations, or by any other regulatory authority.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of our Board was last reconstituted by a resolution of our Board
at their meeting held on January 17, 2026. The constitution of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is
as follows:

    S.      Name of Director                Committee Designation                   Nature of Directorship
    No.
    1.      Rohit Asawa                     Chairperson                             Executive Director
    2.      Abhisheak Dhoot                 Member                                  Independent Director
    3.      Divya Asawa                     Member                                  Non-Executive Director

The scope and functions of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee are in accordance with Section 135 of
the Companies Act. The terms and reference of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee include the
following:

1         Formulate and recommend to the Board, a “Corporate Social Responsibility Policy” which shall indicate the
          activities to be undertaken by the Company as specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 and
          the rules made thereunder, as amended, monitor the implementation of the same from time to time, and make
          any revisions therein as and when decided by the Board.

2         Identity corporate social responsibility policy partners and corporate social responsibility policy
          programmes;




                                                          219
3      Review and recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities referred to in clause (i)
       and the distribution of the same to various corporate social responsibility programs undertaken by the
       Company.

4      Delegate responsibilities to the corporate social responsibility team and supervise proper execution of all
       delegated responsibilities.

5      Review and monitor the implementation of corporate social responsibility programmes and issuing necessary
       directions as required for proper implementation and timely completion of corporate social responsibility
       programmes.

6      Any other matter as the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee may deem appropriate after approval of
       the Board or as may be directed by the Board, from time to time.

7      Exercise such other powers as may be conferred upon the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee in
       terms of the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act.

KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
In addition to our Managing Director and our Non-Executive Director, whose details are provided in
“Management - Brief Profiles of our Directors” beginning on page 208 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus,
the details of our other Key Managerial Personnel as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are set forth
below.
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company does not have any senior management.
                                           Key Managerial Personnel
    Name of   Designati    Educationa      Term of     Ag     Year     Compensati       Overall    Previous
      the        on             l           office     e      of       on paid for      experie    employment
     KMP                   Qualificatio                       Joinin   F.Y. ended       nce
                               ns                             g        2026 (₹ in
                                                                       Lakhs)
    Krishna   Chief        He holds a      Appointe    29     2026     2.59             Over 5     HDFC Bank,
    Kanth     Financial    bachelor’s      d on                                         years      Hyderabad,
    Sarda     Officer      degree     in   January                                                 Yes     Bank
                           commerce        08, 2026                                                Limited,
                           from                                                                    Hyderabad,
                           Osmania                                                                 Kotak
                           University,                                                             Mahindra
                           Hyderabad                                                               Bank,
                           and         a                                                           Hyderabad
                           diploma in                                                              and Berkadia
                           managemen                                                               India
                           t       from                                                            Financial
                           Aurora’s                                                                Solutions
                           Business
                           School,
                           Hyderabad.
    Pooja     Company      She is a        Appointe    27     2026     1.20             Over 3     Indian
    Biyani    Secretary    Company         d      on                                    years      Immulogical
              and          Secretary       January                                                 s    Limited
              Complian     and attended    08, 2026                                                and Manjeet
              ce Officer   Marwadi                                                                 Bucha and
                           Shiksha                                                                 Associates
                           Samithi Law
                           College,
                           Osmania
                           University,

                                                        220
                                           Key Managerial Personnel
 Name of     Designati    Educationa       Term of     Ag     Year     Compensati       Overall     Previous
   the          on             l            office     e      of       on paid for      experie     employment
  KMP                     Qualificatio                        Joinin   F.Y. ended       nce
                              ns                              g        2026 (₹ in
                                                                       Lakhs)
                          Hyderabad
                          to    pursue
                          bachelor’s
                          degree     in
                          law.     She
                          also holds a
                          provisional
                          degree     in
                          bachelor’s
                          of
                          commerce
                          from
                          Osmania
                          University,
                          Hyderabad.


BRIEF PROFILE OF KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
Key Managerial Personnel of our Company
Krishna Kanth Sarda, is the Chief Financial Officer of our Company. He has been associated with our Company
since January 08, 2026. He holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce from Osmania University, Hyderabad and a
diploma in management from Aurora’s Business School, Hyderabad. He was previously associated with Berkadia
India Financial Solutions, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Yes Bank Limited and HDFC Bank Limited. He has an
experience of over 5 years in accounting and finance industry. He is responsible for managing the financial affairs,
including accounting, treasury operations, fundraising and ensuring compliance with applicable financial and
statutory requirements.
Pooja Biyani, is the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company. She has been associated with
our Company since January 08, 2026. She holds a provisional degree in bachelor’s of commerce from Osmania
University, Hyderabad and has attended Marwadi Shiksha Samithi Law College, Osmania University, Hyderabad
to pursue bachelor’s degree in law. She is an associate member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
She was previously associated with Manjeet Bucha and Associates and Indian Immunologicals Limited. She has
an experience of over 3 years in secretarial industry. She is responsible for ensuring compliance with the
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable rules, maintaining statutory and non-statutory registers,
books, records and documents, and undertaking filings with the Registrar of Companies from time to time.
ARRANGEMENTS OR UNDERSTANDING WITH MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS,
SUPPLIERS OR OTHERS
None of our Key Managerial Personnel have been selected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding with
any Shareholders, customers or suppliers or others.
CHANGES IN THE KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
Set forth below are changes in our Key Managerial Personnel in the previous three years from the date of filing
of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:
 Name                              Date of Change       Reasons
 Rohit Asawa                       January 20,          Appointment as Managing Director
                                   2026
 Krishna Kanth Sarda               January 08,          Appointment as Chief Financial Officer
                                   2026



                                                        221
 Pooja Biyani                      January 08,          Appointment as Company Secretary and Compliance
                                   2026                 Officer
ATTRITION OF KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL AND VIS-À-VIS INDUSTRY
The rate of attrition of our Key Managerial Personnel is not high in comparison to the industry in which we
operate.
SHAREHOLDING OF KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL IN OUR COMPANY
Except as disclosed below, none of our Key Managerial Personnel hold any Equity Shares of our Company, as on
the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:
S. Name                                      No.        of Percentage of the Percentage of the post-Issue
No.                                          Equity        pre-Issue Equity of Equity Share Capital (%)
                                             Shares        Share Capital (%)
 1.   Rohit Asawa                            2,97,000         4.71%                             [●]

INTERESTS OF KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
Our Key Managerial Personnel do not have any interest in our Company other than to the extent of the
remuneration or benefits to which they are entitled to as per their terms of appointment, reimbursement of
expenses incurred by them during the ordinary course of business and statutory benefits such as gratuity, provident
fund and pension entitled to our Key Managerial Personnel. The Key Managerial Personnel may also be deemed
to be interested to the extent of any dividend payable to them and other distributions in respect of Equity Shares,
if any, held by them in the Company.
For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statement” beginning on page 231 of
this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

SERVICE CONTRACTS WITH KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
Except statutory entitlements for benefits upon termination of their employment in our Company or retirement,
no Key Managerial Personnel has entered into a service contract with our Company pursuant to which they are
entitled to any benefits upon termination of employment.

LOANS GIVEN OR AVAILED BY OUR DIRECTORS OR KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, none of our Director or Key Managerial Personnel has availed
any loan or given any loan to the Company.
EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION AND STOCK PURCHASE SCHEMES
The Company does not have any Employee Stock Option Scheme and Employee Stock Purchase Scheme.

PAYMENT OR BENEFIT TO KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL OF OUR COMPANY
None of our Key Managerial Personnel has any interest in our Company except to the extent of their remuneration,
benefits, reimbursement of expenses incurred by them in the ordinary course of business. Our Key Managerial
Personnel may also be deemed to be interest to the extent of any dividend payable to them and other distributions
in respect of Equity Shares.

CONTINGENT AND DEFERRED COMPENSATION PAYABLE TO KEY MANAGERIAL
PERSONNEL
There is no contingent or deferred compensation payable to our Key Managerial Personnel which does not form
part of their remuneration.

STATUS OF KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
All Key Managerial Personnel are permanent employees of our Company.

BONUS OR PROFIT-SHARING PLAN OF KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL




                                                        222
None of our Key Managerial Personnel are party to any bonus or profit-sharing plan of our Company other than
performance based discretionary incentives given to the Key Managerial Personnel.




                       [The remainder of this page have been kept blank intentionally]




                                                    223
                                 PROMOTERS AND PROMOTER GROUP

PROMOTERS

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Promoters of our Company are Rohit Asawa, Divya Asawa,
Chanda Asawa and Rama Raju Penmatsa

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters, collectively, holds 55,12,500 Equity Shares,
representing 87.38% of the pre-Issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. For details of
the build-up of our Promoters’ shareholding in our Company, please refer to the chapter titled “Capital Structure”
beginning on page 80 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

DETAILS OF THE PROMOTERS

                                                 Name: Rohit Asawa
                                                 Date of Birth: May 23, 1989
                                                 Age: 36 years
                                                 Designation: Chairman & Managing Director
                                                 Personal Address: 3-3-179 and 180 flat no. 402, Asawa
                                                 Residency, Chappal Bazar, Manjeera Hotel Kachiguda,
                                                 Himayathnagar, Hyderabad-500027, Andhra Pradesh, India
                                                 PAN: AKXPA6243L
                                                 Nationality: Indian

                                                 For further details with respect to his educational
                                                 qualification, professional experience, other directorships,
                                                 positions/posts held in past, special achievements, business &
                                                 financial activities and others, please refer to the chapter titled
                                                 “Management” beginning on page 207 of this Draft Red
                                                 Herring Prospectus.
                                                 Name: Divya Asawa
                                                 Date of Birth: May 27, 1992
                                                 Age: 33 years
                                                 Designation: Non-Executive Director
                                                 Personal Address: 3-3-179/180, Flat No. 402, Asawa
                                                 Residency, Chappal Bazaar, Near Hotel Manjira Kachiguda,
                                                 Himayathnagar stn Kachiguda, Himayathnagar, Hyderabad-
                                                 500027, Telangana, India
                                                 PAN: BNAPM1008E
                                                 Nationality: Indian

                                                 For further details with respect to her educational
                                                 qualification, professional experience, other directorships,
                                                 positions/posts held in past, special achievements, business &
                                                 financial activities and others, please refer to the chapter titled
                                                 “Management” beginning on page 207 of this Draft Red
                                                 Herring Prospectus.




                                                       224
                                                 Name: Chanda Asawa
                                                 Date of Birth: May 26, 1966
                                                 Age: 59 years
                                                 Designation: Promoter
                                                 Personal Address: 3-3-179 and 180 flat no. 402, Asawa
                                                 Residency, Chappal Bazar, Manjeera Hotel, Kachiguda,
                                                 Himayathnagar, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh- 500027.
                                                 Educational Qualifications: She does not hold any professional
                                                 educational qualification.
                                                 Experience: Over 07 years
                                                 PAN: AEUPA6212J
                                                 Nationality: Indian




                                                 Name: Rama Raju Penmatsa
                                                 Date of Birth: November 19, 1960
                                                 Age: 65 years
                                                 Designation: Promoter
                                                 Personal Address: 1-73, Bhadrayamma complex street,
                                                 Ravulapalem, East Godavari, Andhra Pradesh- 533238.
                                                 Educational Qualification: He does not hold any professional
                                                 educational qualification.
                                                 Experience: Over 0.4 year
                                                 PAN: AJBPP0524E
                                                 Nationality: Indian




For a brief profile, please refer to the chapter titled “Management” beginning on page 207 of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus.

Note:
We confirm that the Permanent Account Number (PAN), Bank Account Number(s), Aadhaar Card Number,
Driving License Number and Passport Number of our Promoter will be submitted to BSE on whose SME Platform
the Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, at the time of filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

CHANGE IN CONTROL OF OUR COMPANY

There has been no change in the control of our Company during the five years immediately preceding the date of this
Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details on acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters, please refer to
the chapter titled “Capital Structure” beginning on page 80 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

INTEREST OF PROMOTERS

A. Interest of Promoters in our Company other than as a Promoter
Our Promoters, Rohit Asawa and Divya Asawa are the directors of our Company therefore, may deemed to be
interested to the extent of remuneration and/or reimbursement of expenses payable to him for services rendered to
our Company as the director and KMP, in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act and in terms of the
agreements entered into with our Company, if any, and AOA of our Company. For further details refer to the


                                                       225
chapters titled “Management”, and “Restated Financial Statement - Related Party Transactions” beginning on
page 207 and 231 respectively, our Promoter holds no other interest in our Company beyond his role as a Promoter.

No sum has been paid or agreed to be paid to our Promoter or to the firms or companies in which our Promoter is
interested as members in cash or shares or otherwise by any person, either to induce them to become or to qualify
them, as directors or promoters or otherwise for services rendered by our Promoters or by such firms or companies
in connection with the promotion of our Company.

B. Interest in Promotion and Shareholding of our Company
Our Promoters are interested in our Company to the extent the Promoters have (i) promoted our Company, (ii) to
the extent of their shareholding in our Company (iii) their directorship in our Company (iv) other distribution in
respect of their shareholding in our Company, from time to time. For further details of the shareholding of our
Promoters in our Company, see “Capital Structure – Details of shareholding of our Promoters and the members
of our Promoter Group in the Company” beginning on page 87 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Additionally, our Promoters may be interested in transactions entered into by our Company with other entities (i)
in which our Promoters hold shares, or (ii) controlled by our Promoters. For further details of the interest of our
Promoters in our Company, see “Restated Financial Statement- Annexure 29 Related Party Transactions”
beginning on page 231 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

C. Interest of our Promoters in our Company arising out of being a member of a firm or company
Our Promoters are not interested as a member of a firm or company, and no sum has been paid, or agreed to be
paid to our Promoters or to any firm or company, in cash or shares or otherwise by any person either to induce him
to become, or to qualify him as a director, promoter or otherwise for services rendered by such Promoters or by
such firm or company, in connection with the promotion or formation of our Company.

D. Interest in the property of our Company
Our Promoters have no interest, whether direct or indirect, in any property acquired by our Company within the
preceding three years from the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus or proposed to be acquired by the
Company, or in any transaction with respect to the acquisition of land, construction of building and supply of
machinery.

Our Promoters are not interested in any other entity that holds any intellectual property rights that are used by our
Company.

E. Interest in any transaction in acquisition of land, construction of building and supply of machinery etc.
None of the Promoter have any interest in any transaction in acquisition of land, construction of building and
supply of machinery etc, as on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

F. Other Interests in our Company
Except as otherwise disclosed in the part “Financial information of the Company” beginning on page no. 231 of
this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold no interest in our Company.

For transactions in respect of loans and other monetary transactions entered in past please refer “Related Party
Transactions” forming part of “Financial Information of the Company” beginning on page no. 231 of this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus.

Further, our Promoters are interested to the extent of personal guarantees given by them in favor of the Company,
for the details of Personal Guarantee given by Promoters towards financial facilities of our Company please refer
to “Statement of Financial Indebtedness” and “Financial Information of the Company” on pages 234 and 231
respectively, of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

PAYMENT OR BENEFITS TO OUR PROMOTERS OR PROMOTER GROUP DURING THE LAST
TWO YEARS

Except as stated in the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statement” beginning on page 231 of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus, there has been no payment of benefits to our Promoters or Promoter Group during the two

                                                        226
years preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus nor is there any intention to pay or give any amount
or benefit to our Promoter or members of our Promoter Group.

MATERIAL GUARANTEES

Except as stated in the chapter titled, “Statement of Financial Indebtedness” beginning on page 234 of this
Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters have not given any material guarantees to any third party with respect
to the Equity Shares.

COMPANIES/ FIRMS WITH WHICH THE PROMOTERS HAVE DISASSOCIATED IN THE LAST
THREE YEARS

Our Promoters have not disassociated from any companies or firms during the preceding three years from the date
of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, except as disclosed below:

 Sr.      Name            of   Name          of         the   Date              of   Reasons        for    and
 No.      Promoter             company/firm                   disassociation         circumstances leading to
                               disassociated from                                    disassociation and terms
                                                                                     of disassociation
     1.   Rohit Asawa          Prometrik       Engineering    September        17,   Pre-occupation        with
                               Limited                        2025                   expansion       work    of
                                                                                     Himalaya       Nutravedics
                                                                                     India Limited

OTHER VENTURES OF OUR PROMOTERS

Save and except as disclosed in the chapter titled “Management” beginning on page 2 0 7 of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus, there are no other ventures, in which our Promoter has any business interests/ other interests.

OUTSTANDING LITIGATIONS DETAILS PERTAINING TO OUR PROMOTERS

Except as otherwise may be disclosed in the section titled “Risk Factors” and chapter titled “Outstanding
Litigations and Material Developments” beginning on pages 26 and 246 respectively, of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus, there are no material litigations or disciplinary actions taken against our promoters by a regulatory
authority or stock exchange past year

EXPERIENCE OF PROMOTERS IN THE LINE OF BUSINESS OF OUR COMPANY

For further details in relation to experience of our Promoters in the business of our Company, please refer the
chapter “Management” beginning on page 207 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Except as stated in “Restated Financial Statement - Related Party Transactions” beginning on page 231 of this
Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and as stated therein, our Promoters or any of the Promoter Group Entities do not
have any other interest in our business.

CONFIRMATIONS

a)   Our Promoters have not been declared as fraudulent borrowers by any bank, financial institution, or
     consortium, in accordance with the RBI Master Circular dated July 1, 2016.
b) Our Promoters have not defaulted on any payment or repayment obligations to their lenders, and no show-
   cause notice for willful default has been issued against them in the past three years, as per the RBI Master
   Circular dated July 1, 2014.

c)   Our Promoter has not been declared as a Fugitive Economic Offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive
     Economic Offenders Act 2018.
d) Our Promoter and members of the Promoter Group have not been prohibited or debarred from accessing the
   capital markets under any order or direction passed by SEBI.


                                                       227
e)   Our Promoter is not, and has not been in the past, a promoter or a director of any other company which is
     prohibited from accessing or operating in capital markets under any order or direction passed by SEBI.

PROMOTER GROUP

Apart from our Promoters, as per Regulation 2(1) (pp) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the following individuals
and entities shall form part of our Promoter Group:

A. Natural Persons who are Part of the Promoter Group
As per Regulation 2(1) (pp)(ii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the following individuals form part of our Promoter
Group:

 Name of Promoter               Name of member of Promoter Group           Relationship with Promoter
 Rohit Asawa                    Umesh Chand Asawa                          Father
                                Chanda Asawa                               Mother
                                Shilpa Attal                               Sister
                                Divya Asawa                                Spouse
                                Mishti Asawa                               Daughter
                                Udbhav Asawa                               Son
                                Surya Prakash Mantri                       Spouse’s Father
                                Saritha Mantri                             Spouse’s Mother
                                Deepak Mantri                              Spouse’s Brother
                                Jyothi Mantri                              Spouse’s Sister
                                Akanksha Mantri                            Spouse’s Sister

 Name of Promoter               Name of member of Promoter Group           Relationship with Promoter
 Divya Asawa                    Surya Prakash Mantri                       Father
                                Saritha Mantri                             Mother
                                Deepak Mantri                              Brother
                                Jyothi Mantri                              Sister
                                Akanksha Mantri                            Sister
                                Rohit Asawa                                Spouse
                                Mishti Asawa                               Daughter
                                Udbhav Asawa                               Son
                                Umesh Chand Asawa                          Spouse’s Father
                                Chanda Asawa                               Spouse’s Mother
                                Shilpa Attal                               Spouse’s Sister

 Name of Promoter               Name of member of Promoter Group           Relationship with Promoter
 Chanda Asawa                   Late Laaburam Pasari                       Father
                                Narayana Bai                               Mother
                                Ashok Pasari                               Brother
                                Saroj Gilda                                Sister
                                Archana Daliya                             Sister
                                Umesh Chand Asawa                          Spouse
                                Rohit Asawa                                Son
                                Shilpa Attal                               Daughter


                                                       228
 Name of Promoter              Name of member of Promoter Group            Relationship with Promoter
                               Late Radhakishan Asawa                      Spouse’s Father
                               Late Ratanbai Asawa                         Spouse’s Mother
                               Ramanuj Das Asawa                           Spouse’s Brother
                               Pushpa Bai Baheti                           Spouse’s Sister
                               Srikanta Omprakash Daga                     Spouse’s Sister
                               Anita Premchand Daga                        Spouse’s Sister

 Name of Promoter             Name of member of Promoter Group             Relationship with Promoter
 Rama Raju Penmatsa           Penmatsa Subbaraju                           Father
                              Penmatsa Seethayamma                         Mother
                              Jampana Annapurna                            Sister
                              Penmatsa Anuradha                            Spouse
                              Sneha Penmatsa                               Daughter
                              Penmatsa Swathi                              Daughter
                              Late Venkata Jagannada Raju                  Spouse’s Father
                              Vadapalli Rajeswaramma                       Spouse’s Mother
                              Vadapalli Ravi Verma                         Spouse’s Brother
                              Atukuri Uma Rani                             Spouse’s Sister

B. Entities forming part of the Promoter Group

As per Regulation 2 (1) (pp)(iv) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the following entities would form part of our
Promoter Group:

 S.     Nature of Relationship                     Name of Entities
 No.
 A.     Any Body Corporate (other than             Nil
        subsidiary & associate) in which 20% or
        more of the share capital is held by the
        Promoter or an immediate relative of the
        Promoter or a firm or HUF in which the
        Promoter or any one or more of his
        immediate relatives is a member;
 B.     Any Body Corporate in which a body         Nil
        corporate as provided in (A) above holds
        twenty percent. or more, of the equity
        share capital; and
 C.     Any Hindu undivided family or firm in      i.      Raghuveer Enterprises
        which the aggregate share of the           ii.     Navodaya Wiress
        promoter and their relatives is equal to   iii.    Primo Solutions
        or more than twenty percent of the total   iv.     Akanksha Trading Company
        capital.                                   v.      Hanuman Traders

C. Other persons included in Promoter Group
None of the other persons form a part of the promoter group, whose shareholding is aggregated under the heading
“shareholding of the promoter group” under Regulation 2(1) (pp)(v) of SEBI ICDR Regulation.




                                                          229
                                              DIVIDEND POLICY

Under the Companies Act, 2013, our Company can pay dividends upon a recommendation by its Board of
Directors and approval by a majority of the shareholders at the General Meeting and as per provisions of the
Articles of Association of our Company. The shareholders of the Company have the right to decrease but not to
increase the amount of dividend recommended by the Board of Directors. The dividends may be paid out of profits
of our Company in the year in which the dividend is declared or out of the undistributed profits or reserves of
previous fiscal years or out of both.

The Articles of Association of our Company also gives the discretion to our Board of Directors to declare and pay
interim dividends. No dividend shall be payable for any financial year except out of profits of our Company for
that year or that of any previous financial year or years, which shall be arrived at after providing for depreciation
in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. All dividends upon recommendation by our Board
of Directors and approved by the shareholders at the General Meeting will be paid to the credit of registered
shareholders by way of cheque or warrant or in any electronic mode.

The declaration and payment of dividend will be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by the
shareholders of our Company at their discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the results of
operations, earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial conditions, applicable Indian legal
restrictions and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors. As on the date of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus, our Company does not have a formal dividend policy. Upon listing of the Equity Shares of
our Company and subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, we may be required to formulate a dividend distribution
policy which shall be required to include, among others, details of circumstances under which the shareholders
may or may not expect dividend, the financial parameters that shall be considered while declaring dividend,
internal and external factors that shall be considered for declaration of dividend, policy as to how the retained
earnings will be utilized and parameters that shall be adopted with regard to various classes of shares, as
applicable.

Our Company has not declared any dividend on the Equity Shares for the financial years ended March 31, 2026,
March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024. There is no guarantee that any dividends will be declared or paid in the
future. The decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be dependent upon our future earnings,
financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure plans, and other relevant factors
as determined by our Board of Directors and approved by our shareholders. For details in relation to the risks
involved, please refer to the section titled "Risk Factors" on Page No. 26 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.




                         (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                        230
                 SECTION V – FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
                               RESTATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
Sr. No   Particulars                                     Page Nos.
 1.      Restated Financial Statement                    FS- 1 to FS- 45




                                           231
           INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT ON RESTATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(As required by Section 26 of Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 4 of Companies (Prospectus and
                               Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014)
To,
The Board of Directors,
Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited

Dear Sir,

We have examined the attached Restated Audited Financial Information of Himalaya Nutravedics
India Limited comprising the Restated Audited Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at March 31,
2026, March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 the Restated Audited Statement of Profit & Loss, the
Restated Audited Cash Flow Statement for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 & March
31, 2024, the Summary statement of Significant Accounting Policies and other explanatory
Information (Collectively the Restated Financial Information) as approved by the Board of Directors
in their meeting held on May 07, 2026 for the purpose of inclusion in the Offer Document, prepared
by the Company in connection with its Initial Public Offer of Equity Shares (IPO) in SME Platform of
Bombay Stock Exchange and prepared in terms of the requirement of:-

a) Part I of Chapter III to the Companies Act 2013 (“Act”) read with Companies (Prospectus and
   Allotment of Securities ) Rules 2014 ;

b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
   Regulations 2018 (“ICDR Regulations”) as amended (ICDR Regulations”); and related
   amendments / clarifications from time to time issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of
   India (“SEBI”);

c) The Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised) issued by the Institute of
   Chartered Accountants of India as amended from time to time. (“The Guidance Note”).

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the Restated Financial
Information for the purpose of inclusion in the offer document to be filed with Stock Exchange,
Securities and Exchange Board of India, and Registrar of Companies, Hyderabad in connection with
the proposed IPO. The Restated Financial Information have been prepared by the management of
the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 on the basis
of preparation stated in ANNEXURE – 4 to the Restated Financial Information. The Board of
Directors of the company’s responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining
adequate internal control relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Restated Financial
Information. The board of directors are also responsible for identifying and ensuring that the
Company complies with the Act, ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note.

We have examined such Restated Financial Information taking into consideration:

a) The terms of reference and terms of our engagement agreed upon with you in accordance with
   our engagement letter dated October 23, 2025 in connection with the proposed IPO of equity
   shares of the Company;
b) The Guidance Note also requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of
   Ethics issued by the ICAI;




                                              FS - 1
c) Concepts of test checks and materiality to obtain reasonable assurance based on verification of
   evidence supporting the Restated Financial Information; and,
d) The requirements of Section 26 of the Act and the ICDR Regulations. Our work was performed
   solely to assist the company in meeting their responsibilities in relation to compliance with the
   Act, the ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note in connection with the IPO.

These Restated Financial Information have been compiled by the management from:

a) Audited financial statements of company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026, March
   31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards as
   prescribed under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,
   2014, as amended, and other accounting principles generally accepted in India.

For the purpose of our examination, we have relied on:

a) Auditors report issued by the Previous Auditor i.e., M/s J K Mundada & Co for the Financial year
ended 31st March 2025 & 31st March 2024 respectively.

b) The audit was conducted by the Company’s previous statutory auditor for financial year ended
31st March 2025 & 31st March 2024, and accordingly reliance has been placed on the statement of
assets and liabilities and statements of profit and loss, the Significant Accounting Policies, and other
explanatory information and (collectively, the Audited Financial Statement”) examined by them
for the said years.

The modification in restated financials were carried out based on the modified reports, if any,
issued by us and Previous auditor which is giving rise to modifications on the financial statements
as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024. There is no
qualification of previous auditor for the Financial Statement of March 31, 2025 and March 31,
2024.

The audit reports on the financial statements were modified and included following matter(s)
giving rise to modifications on the financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31,
2026, March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024.:-

a) The Restated Financial Information or Restated Summary Financial Statement have been
   made after incorporating adjustments for the changes in accounting policies retrospectively in
   respective financial period/years to reflect the same accounting treatment as per the changed
   accounting policy for all reporting periods, if any;

b) The Restated Financial Information or Restated Summary Financial Statement have been
   made after incorporating adjustments for prior period and other material amounts in the
   respective financial years/period to which they relate and there are no qualifications which
   require adjustments;

c) Extra-ordinary items that need to be disclosed separately in the accounts has been disclosed
   wherever required;




                                                 FS - 2
d) There were no qualifications in the Audit Reports issued by us for the financial year ended
   March 31, 2026 and auditors report issued by M/s J K Mundada & Co for the financial year
   ended March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 which would require adjustments in this Restated
   Financial Statements of the Company;

e) Profits and losses have been arrived at after charging all expenses including depreciation and
   after making such adjustments/restatements and regroupings as in our opinion are
   appropriate and are to be read in accordance with the Significant Accounting Polices and
   Notes to Accounts as set out in ANNEXURE – 4 to this report;

f)   Adjustments in Restated Financial Information or Restated Summary Financial Statement have
     been made in accordance with the correct accounting policies,

g) There was no change in accounting policies, which needs to be adjusted in the Restated
   Financial Information or Restated Summary Financial Statement;

h) There are no revaluation reserves, which need to be disclosed separately in the Restated
   Financial Information or Restated Summary Financial Statement.

i)   The related party transaction for purchase & sales of services entered by the company are at
     arm’s length.

j)   The Company has not paid any dividend since its incorporation.

In accordance with the requirements of Part I of Chapter III of Act including rules made there
under, ICDR Regulations, Guidance Note and Engagement Letter, we report that:

a) The “Restated Statement of Assets and Liabilities” as set out in ANNEXURE – 1 to this report,
   of the Company as at for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 is
   prepared by the Company and approved by the Board of Directors. These Restated Summary
   Statement of Assets and Liabilities, have been arrived at after making such adjustments and
   regroupings to the individual financial statements of the Company, as in our opinion were
   appropriate and more fully described in Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to
   Accounts as set out in ANNEXURE – 4 to this Report.

b) The “Restated Statement of Profit and Loss” as set out in ANNEXURE – 2 to this report, of
   the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 is
   prepared by the Company and approved by the Board of Directors. These Restated Summary
   Statement of Profit and Loss have been arrived at after making such adjustments and
   regroupings to the individual financial statements of the Company, as in our opinion were
   appropriate and more fully described in Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts
   as set out in ANNEXURE – 4 to this Report.

c) The “Restated Statement of Cash Flow” as set out in ANNEXURE – 3 to this report, of the
   Company for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 is prepared by
   the Company and approved by the Board of Directors. These Statement of Cash Flow, as
   restated have been arrived at after making such adjustments and regroupings to the
   individual financial statements of the Company, as in our opinion were appropriate and
   more fully described in Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts as set out in
   ANNEXURE – 4 to this Report.




                                               FS - 3
Audit for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 was conducted by M/s J K
Mundada & Co and Accordingly reliance has been placed on the financial statement examined by
them for the said years. Financial Reports included for said years are solely based on report
submitted by them.

We have also examined the following other financial information relating to the Company
prepared by the Management and as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company and
annexed to this report relating to the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31,
2025 & March 31, 2024 proposed to be included in the Draft Red Hearing Prospectus / Red
Hearing Prospectus and the Prospectus (“Offer Document”) for the proposed IPO.

 Restated Statement of Share Capital, Reserves and Surplus                   Annexure – 5 & Annexure – 6
 Restated Statement of Long Term Borrowing                                   Annexure – 7
 Restated Statement of Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)                     Annexure – 8
 Restated Statement of Long Term Liabilities                                 Annexure – 9
 Restated Statement of Long Term Provisions                                  Annexure – 10
 Restated Statement of Short Term Borrowing                                  Annexure – 7
 Restated Statement of Trade Payables                                        Annexure – 11
 Restated Statement of Other Current Liabilities And Short Term Provisions   Annexure – 12 & Annexure – 10
 Restated Statement of Fixed Assets                                          Annexure – 13
 Restated Statement of Non Current Investments                               Annexure – 14
 Restated Statement of Long Term Loans & Advances                            Annexure – 15
 Restated Statement of Other Non Current Assets                              Annexure – 16
 Restated Statement of Inventories                                           Annexure – 17
 Restated Statement of Trade Receivables                                     Annexure – 18
 Restated Statement of Cash & Cash Equivalents                               Annexure – 19
 Restated Statement of Short Term Loans & Advances                           Annexure – 15
 Restated Statement of Other Current Assets                                  Annexure – 16
 Restated Statement of Revenue from Operations                               Annexure – 20
 Restated Statement of Other Income                                          Annexure – 21
 Restated Statement of Cost of Material Consumed                             Annexure - 22
 Restated Statement of Change in Inventories of WIP, Finished Goods &        Annexure - 22B
 Stock in Trade
 Restated Statement of Employee Benefit Expenses                             Annexure - 23
 Restated Statement of Finance Cost                                          Annexure – 24
 Restated Statement of Depreciation & Amortisation                           Annexure – 13
 Restated Statement of Other Expenses                                        Annexure – 25
 Restated Statement of Deferred Tax Asset / Liabilities                      Annexure – 27
 Material Adjustment to the Restated Financial Statement                     Annexure – 4H
 Restated Statement of Tax shelter                                           Annexure – 27
 Restated Statement of Capitalization                                        Annexure – 28
 Restated Statement of Contingent Liabilities                                Annexure – 4C
 Restated Statement of Accounting Ratios                                     Annexure – 26
 Restated statement of related party transaction                             Annexure – 29

In our opinion and to the best of information and explanation provided to us, the Restated
Financial Information of the Company, read with significant accounting policies and notes to
accounts as appearing in ANNEXURE – 4 are prepared after providing appropriate adjustments
and regroupings as considered appropriate.




                                             FS - 4
We, M/s. J Singh & Associates , Chartered Accountants have been subjected to the peer review
process of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) and hold a valid peer review
certificate issued by the “Peer Review Board” of the ICAI.

The preparation and presentation of the Financial Statements referred to above are based on the
Audited financial statements of the Company and are in accordance with the provisions of
the Act and ICDR Regulations. The Financial Statements and information referred to
above is the responsibility of the management of the Company.

The report should not in any way be construed as a re-issuance or re-dating of any of the previous
audit reports issued by any other Firm of Chartered Accountants nor should this report be
construed as a new opinion on any of the financial statements referred to therein.

We have no responsibility to update our report for events and circumstances occurring after the
date of the report.

In our opinion, the above financial information contained in ANNEXURE – 1 to 31 of this report
read with the respective Significant Accounting Polices and Notes to Accounts as set out in
ANNEXURE – 4 are prepared after making adjustments and regrouping as considered appropriate
and have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act, ICDR Regulations, Engagement
Letter and Guidance Note.

Our report is intended solely for use of the management and for inclusion in the Offer Document
in connection with the IPO-SME for Proposed Issue of Equity Shares of the Company and our
report should not be used, referred to or distributed for any other purpose without our prior
consent in writing.

For, M/s J Singh & Associates.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: - 110266W
Peer Review No. – 022549


Sd/-

CA Ritesh Tawry (Partner)
Membership No. 213326
UDIN :26213326OADVOK9939
Date: 07-05-2026
Place: Hyderabad




                                              FS - 5
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Annexure 1: Restated Summary Statement of Assets and Liabilities                                                         (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                                  Year Ended 31st    Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st
                         Particulars                            Annexure
                                                                                     March, 2026        March, 2025           March, 2024
Equity and Liabilities
Shareholders’ Funds
Share Capital                                                      5                      630.67             400.00                     83.00
Reserves and Surplus                                               6                     1007.41             275.71                     52.54
                                                 TotaL Equity                            1638.09             675.71                    135.54

Non-Current Liabilities
Long-Term Borrowings                                               7                        0.00              54.00                     62.43
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)                                     8                        0.00               0.00                      0.23
Other Long-Term Liabilities                                        9                        4.00               4.00                      0.00
Long-Term Provisions                                               10                       9.99               6.37                      4.13
                              Total Non- Current Liabilities                               13.99              64.37                     66.79

Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings                                              7                      513.18             121.95                    261.08
Trade payables                                                     11
    i) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprise and
    small enterprise                                                                       45.05             120.42                     59.86
    ii) Total outstanding dues other than micro
                                                                                           24.88               7.75                      1.71
    enterprise and small enterprise
Other current liabilities                                          12                      53.88              47.14                     64.74
Short-term provisions                                              10                     152.74              44.30                     19.45
                                  Total Current Liabilities                               789.72             341.57                    406.84


                              TOTAL EQUITY & LIABILITIES                                 2441.80            1081.65                    609.17

Assets
Non-Current Assets
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangibe Assets
       (i) Property, Plant and Equipment                           13                      96.02             120.47                    140.87
       (ii) Capital Work In Progress                                                        0.00               0.00                      0.00
       (iii) Intangible Assets                                                              6.95               8.07                      8.90
Non Current Investments                                            14                       6.84               3.34                      1.84
Deferred Tax Asset (Net)                                           8                        0.00               0.00                      0.00
Long-Term Loans and Advances                                       15                       0.00               0.00                      0.00
Other Non-Current Assets                                           16                     162.39              37.52                      0.00
                                 Total Non-Current Assets                                 272.20             169.40                    151.61

Current Assets
Inventories                                                        17                     891.54             328.41                    252.29
Trade Receivables                                                  18                    1058.69             563.96                    155.26
Cash and Cash Equivalent                                           19                     144.54               6.71                     24.54
Short-Term Loans and Advances                                      15                       6.09               7.45                     13.79
Other Current Assets                                               16                      68.74               5.72                     11.67
                                       Total Current Assets                              2169.60             912.25                    457.56

                                               TOTAL ASSETS                              2441.80            1081.65                    609.17

                                                                                    0.00                  0.00                           0.00
Note:
The above statement should be read with the Statement of Notes to the Restated Financial Information in Annexure 4.

As per our report of even date attached
For J Singh & Associates                                                   On Behalf of HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 110266W
                                                                           Sd/-                                        Sd/-
                                                                           Rohit Asawa                                 Divya Asawa
                                                                           Managing Director                           Director
                                                                           DIN: 06379120                               DIN: 11079091

Sd/-                                                                       Sd/-                                        Sd/-

Ritesh Tawry                                                               Krishna Kanth Sarda                         Pooja Biyani
Partner                                                                    Chief Financial Officer                     Company Secretary
M. No. 213326                                                              PAN: FWWPS9708A                             PAN: DINPB3206D


Place : Hyderabad                                                          Place : Hyderabad
Date : 07-05-2026                                                          Date : 07-05-2026
UDIN: 26213326OADVOK9939

                                                                  FS - 6
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Annexure 2: Restated Summary Statement of Profit and Loss                                                       (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                       Year Ended 31st     Year Ended 31st         Year Ended 31st
                   Particulars                        Annexure
                                                                          March, 2026         March, 2025             March, 2024
Revenue
Revenue from operations                                  20                     4306.75           2099.65                    1442.56
Other income                                             21                        5.28              0.04                       0.32
                                    Total Income                                4312.03           2099.69                    1442.88

Expenses
Cost of materials consumed                               22                     2590.72           1376.04                     904.22
Purchase of Stock in Trade                              22A                        0.00              0.00                       0.00
Changes in inventories of Finished Goods, WIP
                                                        22B                        15.45            -79.44                    -57.55
and Traded Goods
Employee Benefits Expense                                23                      276.44            293.51                     302.36
Finance Costs                                            24                       34.95             31.89                      18.37
Depreciation and amortisation Expense                    13                       32.54             42.34                      16.04
Other Expenses                                           25                      613.80            210.53                     199.99
                                  Total Expenses                                3563.90           1874.86                    1383.43

PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL &
                                                                                 748.13            224.83                      59.46
EXTRAORDINARY ITEMS & TAX
Exceptional/Prior Period Items                                                     0.00              0.00                       0.00
PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                                748.13            224.83                      59.46
Tax Expense
Current tax                                                                        9.16               1.88                     17.31
Income Tax MAT                                                                   124.88              37.42                      0.00
Excess Income tax Provision last year w/off                                        0.00               0.00                      0.00
MAT Entitlement                                                                 -124.88             -37.42                      0.00
Deferred tax (credit)/charge                                                       0.00              -0.23                     -0.46
                              Total Tax Expenses                                   9.16               1.65                     16.85

Profit for the period / year                                                     738.97            223.18                      42.60
Earnings per equity share of Rs. 10/- each (in Rs.)
  a) Basic/Diluted EPS                                                            18.33             24.81                       5.13
  b) Adjusted/Diluted EPS after Bonus Issue                                       12.05             16.54                       3.42

Note:
The above statement should be read with the Statement of Notes to the Restated Financial Information of the Company in
Annexure 4
As per our report of even date attached


For J Singh & Associates                                         On Behalf of HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 110266W
                                                                 Sd/-                                        Sd/-
                                                                 Rohit Asawa                                 Divya Asawa
                                                                 Managing Director                           Director
                                                                 DIN: 06379120                               DIN: 11079091

Sd/-                                                             Sd/-                                        Sd/-
Ritesh Tawry                                                     Krishna Kanth Sarda                         Pooja Biyani
Partner                                                          Chief Financial Officer                     Company Secretary
M. No. 213326                                                    PAN: FWWPS9708A                             PAN: DINPB3206D

Place : Hyderabad                                                Place : Hyderabad
Date : 07-05-2026                                                Date : 07-05-2026
UDIN: 26213326OADVOK9939



                                                                      FS - 7
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Annexure 3: Restated Summary Statement of Cash Flows                                                                            (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                                      Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st        Year Ended 31st
                                  Particulars
                                                                                         March, 2026          March, 2025            March, 2024

A. Cash flow from operating activities

Profit before tax, as restated                                                                  748.13             224.83                    59.46
Adjustments for :
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                            32.54              42.34                    16.04
Finance costs                                                                                    34.95              31.89                    18.37
Interest & Dividend income                                                                       -4.69               0.00                     0.00
Operating profit before working capital changes                                                 810.94             299.05                    93.87
Changes in working capital:
(Increase) / decrease Inventories                                                              -563.13             -76.12                 -119.35
(Increase) / decrease in Trade Receivables                                                     -494.74            -408.70                  -61.07
(Increase) / decrease in Other Current Assets                                                   -63.02               5.95                   -3.33
Increase / (decrease) in Trade Payables                                                         -58.24              66.60                    6.29
Increase / (decrease) in Other Current Liabilities                                                6.73             -17.59                   27.39
Increase / (decrease) in Long Term Provision/ Non Current Liabilities                             3.62               2.24                    3.60
Increase / (decrease) in Long Term Liabilities                                                    0.00               4.00                    0.00
(Increase) / decrease in Non Curent Assets                                                     -124.88             -37.52                    0.00
Increase / (decrease) in Short Term Provision                                                   108.44              24.85                   14.82
Cash generated from / (utilised in) operations                                                 -374.28            -137.23                  -37.79
Less : Income tax paid                                                                           -9.16              -1.88                  -17.31
Net cash flow generated from/ (utilised in) operating activities (A)                           -383.44            -139.11                  -55.10
B. Cash flow from investing activities
(Purchase)/Sale of property, plant and equipment                                                  -6.98             -21.10                -107.96
Net of Purchase/ Proceeds from Sale of Investments                                                -3.50              -1.50                  -1.84
Interest and Dividend Received                                                                     4.69               0.00                   0.00
Net cash flow utilised in investing activities (B)                                                -5.79             -22.60                -109.80

C. Cash flow from financing activities
(Increase) / decrease in Short term Loans and Advances                                            1.37                6.34                 11.26
Net of Repayment/Proceeds from Short Term Borrowings                                            391.23             -139.13                128.92
Net of Repayment/Proceeds from Long Term Borrowings                                             -54.00               -8.44                 62.43
Interest/Finance Charges Paid                                                                   -34.95              -31.89                -18.37
Net cash flow generated from/ (utilised in) financing activities (C)                            527.05              143.88                184.24
Net (decrease)/ increase in cash & cash equivalents (A+B+C)                                     137.82              -17.83                 19.34
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period/ year                                    6.71               24.54                  5.20
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period/ year                                        144.53                6.71                 24.54



Note:
The above statement should be read with the Statement of Notes to the Restated Financial Information of the Company in Annexure 1, 2 and 4
The Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under Indirect Method as set out in Accounting Standard 3, 'Cash Flow Statements' notified under
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013
As per our report of even date attached
For J Singh & Associates                                                 On Behalf of HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 110266W
                                                                         Sd/-                                       Sd/-
                                                                         Rohit Asawa                                Divya Asawa
                                                                         Managing Director                          Director
                                                                         DIN: 06379120                              DIN: 11079091

Sd/-                                                                             Sd/-                                        Sd/-
Ritesh Tawry                                                                     Krishna Kanth Sarda                         Pooja Biyani
Partner                                                                          Chief Financial Officer                     Company Secretary
M. No. 213326                                                                    PAN: FWWPS9708A                             PAN: DINPB3206D

Place : Hyderabad                                                                Place : Hyderabad
Date : 07-05-2026                                                                Date : 07-05-2026
UDIN: 26213326OADVOK9939
                                                                        FS - 8
                                       HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                         (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Note 1 : NOTES TO THE FINANCIALS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31 , 2026

  1    Corporate Information
       Our Company was originally incorporated as “ HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED” as a private limited
       company under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 vide Certificate of Incorporation dated June 16, 2022 issued by Central
       Registration Centre. Further, our Company was converted from a private limited company to public limited company pursuant to
       special resolution passed in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the company dated December 11, 2023 and consequently, the
       name of our Company was changed from “HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED” to “HIMALAYA
       NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED” and a fresh certificate of incorporation dated December 12, 2025 was issued to our Company
       by the Central Processing Centre. The Corporate Identification Number of our Company is U24110TG2022PLC163732.

  2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

2.1) a. BASIS OF PREPARATION
        The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India (Indian
        GAAP), comprising the Accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 7 of the
        Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 (as amended), and the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 including Schedule III
        thereto.

       The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost convention and on an accrual basis,
       unless otherwise stated. The accounting policies have been consistently applied by the Company and are consistent with those used
       in the previous year, except where a newly issued Accounting Standard is initially adopted or a revision to an existing Accounting
       Standard requires a change in the accounting policy hitherto in use

       Based on the nature of operations and the normal time between acquisition of assets and their realisation in cash or cash
       equivalents, the Company has determined its operating cycle as twelve (12) months for the purpose of classification of its assets
       and liabilities as current and non-current in accordance with Schedule III.

  b.   USE OF ESTIMATES
       The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Indian GAAP requires the Management to make judgements, estimates
       and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent
       liabilities as at the date of the financial statements. Although these estimates are based on Management's best knowledge of current
       events and actions, actual results may differ from those estimates.
       Estimates and the underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in
       the period in which the estimate is revised and future periods are affected. Significant estimates and judgements include, but are
       not limited to:
       •Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
       •Recoverability of deferred tax assets
       •Actuarial assumptions for defined benefit obligations
       •Provision for slow-moving / obsolete inventories
       •Contingent liabilities and provisions


  c.   REVENUE RECOGNITION:




                                                                  FS - 9
                                     HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                       (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Note 1 : NOTES TO THE FINANCIALS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31 , 2026


      (i) Sale of Goods
      Revenue from sale of goods is recognised when all the following conditions are satisfied, in accordance with AS 9 — Revenue
      Recognition:
      • The Company has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods, which generally coincides
      with delivery and acceptance by the customer;
      • The Company retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective
      control over the goods sold;
      •The amount of revenue can be measured reliably;
      •It is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the Company; and
      •The costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably.
      Revenue is measured at the fair value of consideration received or receivable. Revenue is presented net of Goods and Services Tax
      (GST), returns, trade discounts and volume rebates.
      (ii) Variable Consideration
      The Company accounts for variable consideration, including volume discounts, trade rebates, and pricing incentives granted to
      customers, as a reduction of revenue. The amount of variable consideration is estimated using the most likely amount method or
      the expected value method, as appropriate, based on historical trends and contractual terms, and is recognised in the period in
      which the related sales are made.
      (iii) Interest Income
      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method / time-proportion basis, taking into account the principal amount
      outstanding and the rate applicable.

      (iv) Export Entitlements / Incentives
      Export entitlements (including duty drawback, RoDTEP, MEIS / successor schemes, and other export incentive schemes) are
      recognised on an accrual basis when the right to receive the entitlement is established and it is reasonably certain that the
      economic benefit will flow to the Company. Where a licence is not revalidated after expiry, the proportionate export benefit
      credited in earlier periods is reversed in the year of expiry.
      (v) Other Income
      Other items of income are recognised on accrual basis when the right to receive arises and the amount can be reliably measured.



 d.   FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS.
      (i) Initial Recognition
      Foreign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction.
      (ii) Measurement at Balance Sheet Date
      Foreign currency monetary items (other than derivative contracts) outstanding at the Balance Sheet date are restated at the closing
      exchange rates as at that date. Non-monetary items denominated in a foreign currency and measured at historical cost are
      translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary items denominated in a foreign currency and
      measured at fair value are translated using the exchange rate at the date when the fair value was determined.



      (iii) Exchange Differences
      Exchange differences arising on settlement of monetary items or on restatement of such monetary items at rates different from
      those at which they were initially recorded during the period, or reported in previous financial statements, are recognised as
      income or expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they arise.

      (iv) Forward Exchange Contracts


                                                                FS - 10
                                      HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                        (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Note 1 : NOTES TO THE FINANCIALS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31 , 2026

      Forward exchange contracts entered into to hedge the foreign currency risk of an existing recognised monetary item:
      • The premium or discount arising at the inception of such forward exchange contracts is amortised as expense or income over the
      life of the contract.
      • Exchange differences on such contracts are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which the exchange
      rates change.
      • Any profit or loss arising on cancellation or renewal of a forward exchange contract is recognised as income or expense in the
      period in which such cancellation or renewal is made.
      Forward exchange contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments are marked to market at each Balance Sheet date and
      the resultant gains or losses are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
      The details of foreign currency exposures that have not been hedged by a derivative instrument or otherwise are disclosed in the
      notes to the financial statements as required by Schedule III.


 e.   INVESTMENTS
      (i) Non-Current (Long-Term) Investments
      Non-current investments are stated at cost. A provision for diminution in value is made when, in the opinion of Management, the
      decline in value is other than temporary. In determining whether a decline is other than temporary, Management considers, inter
      alia, the investee's financial condition, near-term prospects, length and magnitude of the decline, and the Company's intent and
      ability to hold the investment. On disposal, the difference between the carrying amount and net disposal proceeds is recognised in
      the Statement of Profit and Loss.


      (ii) Current Investments
      Current investments are carried at the lower of cost and fair value, determined on an individual investment basis. On disposal, the
      difference between the carrying amount and net disposal proceeds is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.


      (iii) Classification
      The classification of investments as current or non-current is based on Management's intent and ability to hold. An investment that
      is readily realisable and intended to be held for not more than twelve months from the Balance Sheet date is classified as a current
      investment. All other investments are classified as non-current. Quoted and unquoted investments are disclosed separately as
      required by Schedule III.

 f.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
      (i) Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)
      Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation, and accumulated impairment loss, if any
      Historical cost comprises:
      •Purchase price, including import duties and non-refundable taxes, after deducting trade discounts and rebates;
      •Any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its present location and condition for its intended use;
      • Borrowing costs directly attributable to acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, capitalised in accordance with
      AS 16; and
      •The initial estimate of any decommissioning, restoration or similar liability, to the extent applicable.
      Subsequent expenditure relating to an item of PPE is capitalised only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated
      with it will flow to the Company and the cost can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised in the
      Statement of Profit and Loss as incurred.
      The carrying amount of any replaced component is derecognised. An item of PPE is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
      economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition are measured as the difference
      between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount and are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.



                                                                 FS - 11
                                      HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                        (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Note 1 : NOTES TO THE FINANCIALS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31 , 2026

      (ii) Componentisation
      Where a significant part of an item of PPE has a different useful life from the item itself, it is recognised and depreciated
      separately as a component, in accordance with AS 10 (Revised).

      iii) Intangible Assets
      Intangible assets are stated at cost of acquisition less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses, if any.

 g.   DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION
      Depreciation is calculated using the Written Down Value (WDV) method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which
      correspond to the useful lives prescribed under Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. The residual value is assumed to be 5% of
      the original cost, unless a different residual value is considered appropriate based on technical assessment.


      The estimated useful lives of the classes of assets are as follows:


                         Class of Assets                          Useful life as per schedule II          Useful Life as per Group

      Electrical Equipments                                                              10 years                              10 years
      Computers                                                                            3 years                              3 years
      Software                                                                            5 Years                               5 years
      Office equipment                                                                  10 Years                               10 years
      Furniture and fixtures                                                             10 years                              10 years
      Plant and Machinery                                                                15 years                              15 years
      Vehicles                                                                             8 years                              8 years
      Intangible Assets — Amortisation: Trade marks and other intangible assets are amortised on a written-down value basis over
      their estimated useful economic lives, not exceeding twenty (20) years, in accordance with AS 26. The amortisation period and
      method are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted if the expected useful life differs from previous estimates.

      Leasehold improvements are amortised on a straight-line basis over the lower of (a) the remaining period of the lease, including
      optional renewal periods where renewal is reasonably certain, and (b) the estimated useful life of the improvement

      Depreciation / amortisation commences when the asset is available for use in the manner intended by Management and ceases at
      the earlier of the date the asset is classified as held for sale and the date it is derecognised.

 h.   INVENTORIES:
      Inventories are valued in accordance with AS 2 — Valuation of Inventories, at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost
      of inventories is assigned using the First-In, First-Out (FIFO) method and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and
      other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
      Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and the
      estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
      The basis of valuation for each category of inventory is as follows:


      (i) Raw Materials Valued at cost on the FIFO basis, which includes purchase price, freight inwards, duties and taxes, and other
      directly attributable acquisition costs, net of trade discounts and rebates. Raw materials are not written down below cost if the
      finished goods in which they will be incorporated are expected to be sold at or above cost.

      (ii) Work-in-Progress Valued at cost, comprising raw material cost, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of fixed and
      variable manufacturing overheads, allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity.



                                                                  FS - 12
                                      HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                        (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Note 1 : NOTES TO THE FINANCIALS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31 , 2026

      (iii) Finished Goods Valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises raw material cost, direct labour, an
      appropriate proportion of manufacturing overheads allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity, and applicable duties and
      levies. Provisions are made for slow-moving, obsolete or damaged inventories to the extent the carrying amount exceeds estimated
      net realisable value

      (iv) Stores and Spares / Packing Materials (if applicable) Valued at cost on the FIFO basis.
      Obsolescence, damage and losses in inventory are assessed periodically. Where the net realisable value of any item of inventory is
      lower than its cost, the difference is recognised as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which the write-
      down occurs

 i.   IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS:
      If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated.
      The recoverable amount is the higher of (a) fair value less costs of disposal and (b) value in use. In assessing value in use,
      estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
      assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.
      For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot generate independent cash flows are grouped into the smallest identifiable
      Cash Generating Unit (CGU). An impairment loss is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss whenever the carrying amount
      of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount.
      An impairment loss recognised in prior years is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the
      recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
      amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.


 j.   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
      (i) Short-Term Employee Benefits
      Short-term employee benefits (payable within twelve months of rendering service), such as salaries, wages, performance
      incentives, and paid annual leave expected to be utilised within the operating cycle, are recognised as an expense at the
      undiscounted amounts in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the year in which the employee renders the related service.

      (ii) Defined Contribution Plans — Provident Fund
      The Company's contribution to the Employees' Provident Fund (EPF) and other defined contribution schemes is charged to the
      Statement of Profit and Loss on an accrual basis. The Company has no further obligation beyond its contribution

      iii) Defined Benefit Plan — Gratuity
      The Company's gratuity liability (unfunded) is a defined benefit obligation. The present value of the obligation is determined on
      the basis of an actuarial valuation carried out by an independent actuary at each Balance Sheet date using the Projected Unit Credit
      (PUC) method.
      Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised immediately
      in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they arise. Key actuarial assumptions applied include the discount rate,
      expected salary escalation rate, attrition rate, and mortality rate; these are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.


      (iv) Other Long-Term Employee Benefits — Leave Encashment
      The Company provides casual leave and sick leave at the rate of one day per month per employee. These leaves are non-
      accumulating and non-encashable, and lapse if not availed during the year. Accordingly, no actuarial provision is required and no
      liability has been recognised in the financial statements in respect of such leave benefits.
      If the terms of leave are modified such that accumulated or encashable entitlements arise, the consequent liability will be
      determined using the Projected Unit Credit method and recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

 k.   BORROWING COST
                                                                 FS - 13
                                      HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                        (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Note 1 : NOTES TO THE FINANCIALS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31 , 2026

      Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when the activities to prepare the asset for its intended use are in progress and
      expenditure and borrowing costs are being incurred. Capitalisation ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare
      the qualifying asset for its intended use are complete.
      All other borrowing costs (including commitment charges, processing fees and other incidental costs of borrowing) are recognised
      as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they are incurred.

 l.   EARNINGS PER SHARE:
      Basic EPS: Calculated by dividing the net profit or loss after tax attributable to equity shareholders (including the post-tax effect
      of any exceptional items) by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.


      Diluted EPS: Calculated by adjusting the net profit or loss attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of
      equity shares outstanding during the year for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares. Dilutive potential equity shares are
      deemed converted as at the beginning of the period, unless they have been issued at a later date. Potential equity shares are treated
      as dilutive when, and only when, their conversion to equity shares would decrease EPS or increase loss per share from continuing
      ordinary operations.

 m.   TAXATION:
      Current Tax: Provision for current income tax is made in accordance with the Income Tax Act, 1961, based on the taxable
      income computed for the year. Where the Company is liable to pay income tax under Section 115JB of the Income Tax Act, 1961
      (Minimum Alternate Tax — MAT), the current tax provision is determined accordingly.
      MAT Credit Entitlement: MAT credit entitlement represents that portion of MAT paid which can be recovered and set off
      against regular tax payable in subsequent years. MAT credit is recognised as an asset (deferred tax asset) only when and to the
      extent that it is probable that the Company will pay normal income tax during the specified period. MAT credit is reviewed at each
      Balance Sheet date and written down to the extent it is no longer probable that the benefit will be realised.



      Deferred Tax: Deferred tax is recognised on timing differences between taxable income and accounting income using the income
      statement approach, at the currently enacted or substantively enacted tax rates. Deferred tax assets (other than those arising from
      unabsorbed depreciation and carry forward of losses) are recognised only when there is reasonable certainty that sufficient future
      taxable income will be available for realisation. Deferred tax assets arising from unabsorbed depreciation and carry forward of
      losses are recognised only to the extent that there is virtual certainty, supported by convincing evidence, that sufficient future
      taxable income will be available. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where the Company has a legally enforceable right to
      set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and where the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.


 n.   PROVISIONS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND CONTINGENT ASSETS:
      Provisions: A provision is recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past
      event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and a
      reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are measured at the Management's best estimate of the
      expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the Balance Sheet date. Where the effect of the time value of money is
      material, provisions are discounted using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments and the risks specific to the
      liability.

      Contingent Liabilities: A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events whose existence will be
      confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Company, or a
      present obligation that is not recognised because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required or a sufficiently
      reliable estimate cannot be made. Contingent liabilities are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements but are not recognised.



                                                                  FS - 14
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

  Annexure 4: Statement of Notes to the Restated Financial Information

C. Contingent liabilites and commitments

  (i) Contingent liabilities                                                                                (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                      Year Ended 31st Year Ended 31st          Year Ended 31st
                               Particulars
                                                                         March, 2026     March, 2025              March, 2024

  Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debt
  Custom Duty saved on import of Capital Goods under EPCG
                                                                                  0.00              0.00                   0.00
  Scheme
  Bank Guarantees                                                                 0.00                0.00                  0.00
  Indirect Tax Liability                                                          0.00                0.00                  0.00
  Direct Tax Liability                                                              27.26             0.00                  0.00
  Corporate Guarantee Given by Company *                                             0.00             0.00                  0.00
                                                                                   27.26              0.00                  0.00
  The Company received a communication via e-mail dated December 23, 2025 from the Income Tax Department under Section
  143(1)(a) of the Income tax Act, 1961, stating that the deduction claimed in the return of income for AY 2025–26 under
  Section 80 IAC of the Income tax Act, 1961 was proposed to be disallowed on the ground that Form 10CCB had not been filed
  within the prescribed due date.
  In response to the said communication, the Company submitted its reply on December 24, 2025, clarifying that Form 10CCB
  had been duly obtained prior to filing the return of income and that the non-uploading of the form on the income-tax portal
  was due to an inadvertent technical lapse. The Company further submitted that the form was subsequently uploaded on
  December 16, 2025, and the same was accepted on December 19, 2025, prior to the processing of the return. Accordingly, it
  was submitted that the delay was merely procedural in nature and that all substantive conditions for claiming the deduction
  under Section 80-IAC had been duly satisfied.
  However, the response submitted by the Company was not accepted by the Department, and an intimation order dated March
  06, 2026 was issued under Section 143(1) of the Income tax Act, 1961, raising a demand of ₹27,25,970.
  Aggrieved by the said intimation, the Company filed an appeal on March 24, 2026 before the appellate authority. The said
  appeal is presently pending with CIT (Appeals).



D. Earning & Expenditure in foreign currency on accrual basis                                               (Amount in Lakhs)

                                                                      Year Ended 31st Year Ended 31st          Year Ended 31st
                               Particulars
                                                                         March, 2026     March, 2025              March, 2024

  Foreign Currency Expenditure (Net off Remmitance Charges)
  Earning                                                                         0.00              0.00                   0.00
  Purchase                                                                        0.00              0.00                   0.00
  Expenses                                                                        0.00              0.00                   0.00

E. The year end foreign currency exposures that have not been hedged by a derivative instrument or otherwise are given
   below:
                                                                                                         (Amount in Lakhs)

                                                                    Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st
                               Particulars
                                                                     March, 2026            March, 2025           March, 2024

  Foreign Currency Exposure that have not been Hedged by                          0.00              0.00                   0.00
  Derivative Instruments

F. Changes in Accounting Policies in the Periods/Years Covered In The Restated Financials
   There is no change in significant accounting policies adopted by the Company.

G. Income Tax Holiday




                                                                     FS - 15
  The Company is recognized as Start Up with the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT) and hold a
  certificate from the Inter-Ministerial Board of Certification (IMB) and received a certificate from DPIIT under section 80IAC of
  Income Tax 1961 making it eligible to claim benefit of 100% tax exemption on profits for eligible startups in India for any three
  consecutive assessment years within the first ten years of incorporation. The company has claimed the benefit of 100% tax
  exemption in FY 2024-25 for the first time and it is eligible to claim the benefit in FY 2025-26 and FY 2026-27.


G. Notes On Restatement Made In The Restated Financials
   1) The financial statements including financial information have been prepared after making such regroupings and
   adjustments, considered appropriate to comply with the same. As result of these regroupings and adjustments, the amount
   reported in the financial statements/information may not necessarily be same as those appearing in the respective audited
   financial statements for the relevant years.

  2) Contingent liabilities and commitments (to the extent not provided for) - A disclosure for a contingent liability is also made
  when there is a possible obligation that may, require an outflow of the Company's resources.

  3) Figures have been rearranged and regrouped wherever practicable and considered necessary.
  4) The management has confirmed that adequate provisions have been made for all the known and determined liabilities and
  the same is not in excess of the amounts reasonably required to be provided for.
  5) The balances of trade payables, trade receivables, loans and advances are unsecured and considered as good are subject
  to confirmations of respective parties concerned.
  6) Realizations: In the opinion of the Board and to the best of its knowledge and belief, the value on realization of current
  assets and loans and advances are approximately of the same value as stated.
  7) Contractual liabilities: All other contractual liabilities connected with business operations of the Company have been
  appropriately provided for.
  8) Amounts in the financial statements: Amounts in the financial statements are rounded off to nearest lakhs. Figures with "-"
  indicate negative values.




                                                                       FS - 16
    HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

    Annexure 4: Statement of Notes to the Restated Financial Information

H. Restatement adjustments, Material regroupings and Non-adjusting items
(a) Impact of restatement adjustments
    Below mentioned is the summary of results of restatement adjustments made to the audited financial statements of the respective
    period/years and its impact on profits.
                                                                                                                   (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                                Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st         Year Ended 31st
                                  Particulars
                                                                                   March, 2026          March, 2025             March, 2024
    Profit after tax as per audited financial statements                                  721.74              225.49                    52.42

    Adjustments to net profit as per audited financial statements
    Increase / Decrease in Expenses/Income (refer note (b)(i) below)                     15.34                0.68                 -10.76
    (Increase) / Decrease in Gratuity Expenses                                            0.00                4.41                  -3.75
    (Increase) / Decrease in Interest on Car Loan                                         0.00                0.43                  -0.43
    (Increase) / Decrease in Insurance Expenses                                           0.00               -0.52                   0.52
    (Increase) / Decrease in Depreciation expenses                                        0.00                0.00                   0.00
    (Increase) / Decrease in Consultancy expenses                                         0.00                0.00                   0.00
    (Increase) / Decrease in PF and ESI                                                  11.02                0.00                  -6.67
    (Increase) / Decrease in Professional Tax Expenses                                    0.56                0.00                  -0.32
    (Increase) / Decrease in MSME Interest                                                3.77               -2.51                  -1.26
    (Increase) / Decrease in Bank Charges                                                -0.02                0.02                   0.00
    (Increase) / Decrease in GST Input                                                    0.00               -1.15                   1.15
    (Increase) / Decrease in ROC Challan                                                  0.00                0.00                   0.00
    Excess / Short Provision for Tax/MAT (refer note (b)(ii) below)                       1.88               -1.88                   0.00
    Differed Tax Liability / Assets Adjustments (refer note (b)(iii) below)               0.00               -1.11                   0.95
     Total adjustments                                                                   17.22               -2.31                  -9.81
     Restated profit after tax for the period/ years                                    738.96             223.18                   42.60
    Note:
    A positive figures represents addition and figures in brackets represents deletion in the corresponding head in the audited financial
    statements for respective reporting periods to arrive at the restated numbers.

(b) Explanatory notes for the restatement adjustments

 (i) The Amount relating to the Income / Expenses have been adjusted in the year to which the same realted to & under which head the
      same realtes to.
 (ii) The Company has provided Excess or Short Provision/MAT in the year in which the Income Tax Return has been filled for the
      respective financial year But in the Restated Financial Information the company has provided Excess or Short Provision/MAT in the
      year to which it relates to.
(iii) There is change in deferred tax assets / liabilities as per audited books of accounts and as per restated books for respective financial
      covered under the restated financial information and the same has been given effect in the year to which the same realtes to.

To give Explanatory Notes Regarding Adjustment :-
Appropriate adjustment have been made in the restated financial statement, wherever required, by reclassification of the corresponding
item of income, expenses, assets and liabilities, in order to bring them in line with the groupings as per audited financail of the company
for all the years and the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulation 2018.

(c) Reconciliation of restated Equity / Networth:                                                                         (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                                Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st         Year Ended 31st
                                  Particulars
                                                                                   March, 2026          March, 2025             March, 2024
    Equity / Networth as per Audited Financials                                         1638.09               692.93                  150.44
    Adjustment for:
    Difference Pertaining to changes in Profit / Loss due to Restated
                                                                                            0.00               -17.22                  -14.90
    Effect for the period covered in Restated Financial
    Prior Period Adjustments                                                               0.00                 0.00                    0.00
    Equity / Networth as Restated                                                       1638.09               675.71                  135.54

To give Explanatory Notes Regarding Adjustment :-
Appropriate adjustment have been made in the restated financial statement, wherever required, by reclassification of the corresponding
item of income, expenses, assets and liabilities, in order to bring them in line with the groupings as per audited financial of the company
for all the years and the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulation 2018.
                                                                            FS - 17
                                   HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                     (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Annexure 5: Restated Statement of Share capital                                             (Amount in Lakhs)

                                                     Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st     Year Ended 31st
                     Particulars
                                                        March, 2026          March, 2025         March, 2024

Authorised share capital
Equity shares of Rs. 10 each
- Number of shares                                          1,00,00,000        70,00,000           10,00,000
- Amount                                                       1,000.00           700.00              100.00
                                                              1,000.00           700.00              100.00
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up
Equity shares of Rs. 10 each
- Number of shares                                           63,06,720         40,00,000             8,30,000
- Amount                                                        630.67            400.00                83.00
                                                               630.67             400.00                83.00

Reconciliation of equity share capital

                                                     Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st     Year Ended 31st
                     Particulars
                                                        March, 2026          March, 2025         March, 2024

Balance at the beginning of the period/year
- Number of shares                                           40,00,000           8,30,000            8,30,000
- Amount                                                        400.00              83.00               83.00
    Add: Shares issued during the period/year
- Number of shares                                            2,04,485         31,70,000                 0.00
- Amount                                                          20.45           317.00                 0.00
Add: BonusShares issued during the period/year
- Number of shares                                          2102235.00               0.00                0.00
- Amount                                                        210.22               0.00                0.00
Balance at the end of the period/year
- Number of shares                                      63,06,720.00        40,00,000.00          8,30,000.00
- Amount                                                      630.67              400.00                83.00


Shareholders holding more than 5% of the shares of the Company

                                                     Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st     Year Ended 31st
                     Particulars
                                                        March, 2026          March, 2025         March, 2024
Equity shares of Rs. 10 each
Rohit Asawa
- Number of shares                                            2,97,000           1,98,000            3,10,000
- Percentage holding (%)                                         4.71%              4.95%             37.35%

Sneha Penmatsa
- Number of shares                                                    -          3,20,000            4,15,000
                                                  FS - 18
                                 HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                   (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
- Percentage holding (%)                                0.00%              8.00%                  50.00%

Divya Asawa
- Number of shares                                    15,33,000           10,22,000              1,00,000
- Percentage holding (%)                                24.31%              25.55%                12.05%

Chanda Asawa
- Number of shares                                    27,22,500           18,15,000                  0.00
- Percentage holding (%)                                43.17%              45.38%                 0.00%

Krishna Kiran Kakarlapudi
- Number of shares                                            -            6,40,000                  0.00
- Percentage holding (%)                                 0.00%              16.00%                 0.00%

Rama Raju Penmatsa
- Number of shares                                     9,60,000                    -                 0.00
- Percentage holding (%)                                15.22%                0.00%                0.00%

Swati Penmatsa
- Number of shares                                     4,80,000                    -                    -
- Percentage holding (%)                                  7.61%               0.00%                0.00%

                                                                  Shares held by Promoters at the end of
                                                                                the period
                            Particulars                              For the period 31st March, 2026
                                                                    No of Shares       % of total Shares
Rohit Asawa                                                               2,97,000                 4.71%
Divya Asawa                                                              15,33,000                24.31%
Umesh Chand Asawa                                                            5,000                 0.08%
Sneha Penmatsa                                                                 -                   0.00%
Rama Raju Penmatsa                                                        9,60,000                15.22%




                                            FS - 19
                                    HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                      (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
                                                                  Shares held by Promoters at the end of
                                                                                 the year
                               Particulars                          For the year ended 31 March 2025
                                                                              No of Shares       % of total Shares
   Rohit Asawa                                                                       1,98,000                 4.95%
   Divya Asawa                                                                      10,22,000                25.55%
   Umesh Chand Asawa                                                                    5,000                 0.13%
   Sneha Penmatsa                                                                    3,20,000                 8.00%

                                                                           Shares held by Promoters at the end of
                                                                                          the year
                                 Particulars                                  For the year ended 31 March 2024
                                                                              No of Shares       % of total Shares
   Rohit Asawa                                                                       3,10,000                37.35%
   Divya Asawa                                                                       1,00,000                12.05%
   Umesh Chand Asawa                                                                    5,000                 0.60%
   Sneha Penmatsa                                                                    4,15,000                50.00%


   Terms & Rights attached to Equity Shares.
   The Company has only one class of share referred to as Equity Shares having a par value of Rs.10/- each. Each
   holder of Equity Shares is entitled to one vote per share. Dividend on such shares is payable in proportion to
   the paid up amount. Dividend (if any) recommended by board of directors (other than interim dividend) is
   subject to approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
   In the event of winding up of the company, the holder of Equity Shares will be entitled to receive any of the
   remaining assets of the company after all preferential amounts and external liabilities are paid in full. However,
   no such preferential amount exists currently. The distribution of such remaining assets will be on the basis of
   number of Equity Shares held and the amount paid up on such shares.

(i) The Figures disclosed above are based on the summary statement of assets and liabilities of the company
     The above statememnt should be read with the restated statement of assets & liabilities, Restated statement
(ii) of Profit & Loss, Restated statement of Cashflow, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary
     statements as appearing in annexures 1 , 2 , 3 & 4 respectively.




                                                      FS - 20
      HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
      Annexure 6: Restated Statement of Reserves and surplus                                              (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                   Year Ended 31st     Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st
                              Particulars
                                                                      March, 2026         March, 2025           March, 2024
      A. Securities premium account
      Balance at the beginning of the period / year                            0.00               0.00                  0.00
      Add : On shares issued                                                 210.62               0.00                  0.00
      Less : Issue of Bonus Shares & Issue Expenses                         -210.62               0.00                  0.00
      Balance at the end of the period/year                                    0.00               0.00                  0.00

      B. Surplus in the Restated Summary Statement of Profit
      and Loss
      Balance at the beginning of the period/year                           275.71               52.54                  9.94
      Add / Less :-Prior Period Expense/ Income                                -                   0.00                  0.00
      Less : Issue of Bonus Shares                                            -7.26                0.00                  0.00
      Add : Transferred from the Restated Summary Statement
                                                                            738.97             223.18                 42.60
      of Profit and Loss
      Balance at the end of the period/year                               1,007.41             275.71                 52.54

                              Total (A+B)                                 1,007.41             275.71                 52.54


Note:
 1 The Figures disclosed above are based on the summary statement of assets and liabilities of the company
  2   The above statememnt should be read with the restated statement of assets & liabilities, Restated statement of Profit &
      Loss, Restated statement of Cashflow, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary statements as
      appearing in annexures 1 , 2 , 3 & 4 respectively.




                                                                    FS - 21
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Annexure 7: Restated Statement of Long- term / Short-term borrowings                                                          (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                    Year Ended 31st March, 2026     Year Ended 31st March, 2025   Year Ended 31st March, 2024
                   Particulars
                                                    Long-term          Short-term   Long-term       Short-term    Long-term       Short-term
Secured
(a) Loans from Banks                                   0.00              459.17       0.00            113.51        0.00             98.33
(b)Vehicle Loan                                        0.00               0.00        54.00            0.00         62.43            0.00
(c) Current Maturity                                   0.00              54.02        0.00             8.44         0.00             7.75

                                                       0.00              513.18       54.00           121.95        62.43           106.08

Unsecured
(d) Loans from , Directors, Members, Related
Parties, & Inter Corporate Deposit
From Directors, Members, & Related Parties             0.00               0.00        0.00             0.00         0.00            155.00

                                                       0.00               0.00        0.00             0.00         0.00            155.00

                                                       0.00              513.18       54.00           121.95        62.43           261.08




                                                                                      FS - 22
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Annexure 7.1: Restated Statement of Details regarding Loan From Bank (Secured and Unsecured)                                                                                                                        (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                                                   Long Term Borrowings (secured)


                                             Nature of                        Outstanding as on       Rate of
SNo.                   Lender                                  Loan                                                  Repayment Term     Security/ Principal terms and conditions               Collateral Security/ other Condition
                                              Facility                        31st March, 2026    Interest/Margin

                                                                                                                       Repayable in 35 Hypothecation of Mercedez Benz Car
                                                                                                                           Monthly
         Mercedes Benz Financial Services                                                                            Installments of Rs.
  1                                         Vehicle Loan              70.80              54.00      8.54 % p.a.                                                                                                 -
         Private Limited                                                                                              1,12,008 and last
                                                                                                                      installment of Rs.
                                                                                                                          46,72,800

                                                                                            Short Term Borrowing (Secured and Unsecured)


                                             Nature of                        Outstanding as on       Rate of
Sr No.                 Lender                                  Loan                                                  Repayment Terms Security/ Principal terms and conditions                  Collateral Security/ other Condition
                                              Facility                        31st March, 2026    Interest/Margin

                                                                                                                                                                                          Collateral Security
                                                                                                                                                                                          i) EMT by the way of MODTD of the house
                                                                                                                                                                                          bearing no 13-8-55 , plot no. 12 located at
                                                                                                                                                                                          Gautam Nagar Colony, Gaddiannaram Village
                                                                                                                                                                                          , LB nagar built up area of 2800 sft on land
                                                                                                                                                                                          admeasuing 305 Sq yds belonging to Mrs.
                                                                                                                                                                                          Kakarlapudi Kanaka Durga Sundari
                                                                                                                                           Hypothecation of all the current Assets of the Hypothecation of Machinery
  1      The Cosmos Co Op Bank Limited      Cash Credit            500.00               459.17 8.95 % p.a. ( floating) Repayable On Demand
                                                                                                                                           company                                        Personal Guarantee of
                                                                                                                                                                                          i) Shri Rohit Asawa
                                                                                                                                                                                          ii) Mrs.Sneha Penmatsa
                                                                                                                                                                                          iii) Mrs.Kakarlapudi Kanaka Durga Sundari
                                                                                                                                                                                          iv) Mrs. Chanda Asawa
                                                                                                                                                                                          v) Mrs. Divya Asawa




                                                                                                              FS - 23
  HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

  Annexure 8: Deferred Tax Assets/Liabilities                                                                                            (Amount in Lakhs)

                     Particulars                     Year Ended 31st March, 2026         Year Ended 31st March, 2025        Year Ended 31st March, 2024

  Deffered Tax Assets & Liabilities Provision
  WDV As Per Companies Act 2013                                    0.00                               0.00                              149.77
  WDV As Per Income Tax Act                                        0.00                               0.00                              144.46
  Difference in WDV                                                0.00                               0.00                               5.31
  Gratuity Provision                                               0.00                               0.00                               -4.41
  Total Timming Differece                                          0.00                               0.00                               0.90
  Tax Rate as per Income Tax                                      25.17%                             25.17%                             25.17%
  (DTA) / DTL                                                      0.00                               0.00                               0.23
  Deffered Tax Assets & Liabilities Summary
  Opening Balance of (DTA) / DTL                                   0.00                              0.23                               0.68
  Add: Provision for the Year                                      0.00                              -0.23                              -0.46
  Closing Balance of (DTA) / DTL                                   0.00                              0.00                               0.23

  Note:
  In accordance with accounting standard 22, Accounting for taxes on income, issued by the institute of Chartered Accountant of India, the Deferred Tax
  Laibilities (net of Assets) is provided in the books of account as at the end of the year/ (period)

  Annexure 9: Restated Statement of Other long-term liabilities

                     Particulars                        Year Ended 31st March, 2026        Year Ended 31st March, 2025       Year Ended 31st March, 2024

   Security Deposit Payable                                                       4.00                               4.00                               0.00
                                                                                  4.00                               4.00                               0.00

  Annexure 10: Restated Statement of Provisions
                                                      Year Ended 31st March, 2026        Year Ended 31st March, 2025        Year Ended 31st March, 2024
                     Particulars
                                                      Long-term           Short-term     Long-term           Short-term     Long-term           Short-term
  Provision for employee benefits:
  Provision for Gratuity &Leave Encashment                     9.99               0.61            6.37               0.33           4.13                0.28
  Provision for Others                                         0.00              20.57            0.00               3.77           0.00                1.26
  Provision for Audit Fees                                     0.00               0.50            0.00               0.90           0.00                0.60
  Provision for Professional Fees                              0.00               0.00            0.00               0.00           0.00                0.00
  Electicity Charges Payable                                   0.00               0.00            0.00               0.00           0.00                0.00
  Provision For Income Tax                                     0.00             131.06            0.00              39.30           0.00               17.31
                                                               9.99             152.74            6.37              44.30           4.13               19.45
  Note:
1 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities of Company.
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of Profit & Loss, restated
2 statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4
  respectively.
                                                                                       FS - 24
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
Annexure 10.1: Restated Statement of Provisions

The following table sets out the status of the Gratuity Scheme in respect of employees of the Company:                                             (Amount in Lakhs)


                               Particulars                             Year Ended 31st March, 2026       Year Ended 31st March, 2025    Year Ended 31st March, 2024


Projected Benefit Obligation                                                                  10.60                             6.70                             4.41
Funding Status                                                                Non -Funded                      Non -Funded                     Non -Funded
Fund Balance                                                                                      -                                -                                -
Current Liability                                                                              0.61                             0.33                             0.28
Non Current Liability                                                                          9.99                             6.37                             4.13

The actuarial assumptions used in accounting for the gratuity plan were as follows:
                               Particulars                             Year Ended 31st March, 2026       Year Ended 31st March, 2025    Year Ended 31st March, 2024
Demographic Assumption:
                                                                     Indian Assured Lives Mortality   Indian Assured Lives Mortality   Indian Assured Lives Mortality
Mortality Rate
                                                                             (2012-14) Ult.                   (2012-14) Ult.                   (2012-14) Ult.
Retirement Age                                                                    60                               60                               60
Attrition Rate                                                                  12.00%                           12.00%                           12.00%
Financial Assumption:
Salary Escalation Rate                                                           8.00%                            8.00%                           8.00%
Discount Rate                                                                    7.28%                            6.98%                           7.23%

Annexure 11: Restated Statement of Trade payables                                                                                                 (Amount in Lakhs)


                               Particulars                             Year Ended 31st March, 2026       Year Ended 31st March, 2025    Year Ended 31st March, 2024

Dues of micro and small enterprises (refer note below)                                        45.05                           120.42                            59.86
Dues to others                                                                                24.88                             7.75                             1.71
Creditors for Expenses

                                                                                              69.93                           128.17                            61.57




                                                                               FS - 25
Annexure 11.1:Trade payables ageing schedule                                                                                                    (Amount in Lakhs)


                              Particulars                                  Year Ended 31st March, 2026   Year Ended 31st March, 2025   Year Ended 31st March, 2024


Disputed Dues                                                                                    0.00                          0.00                          0.00

Undisputed Dues
(a) Micro, Small & Medium Enterprise
Less than 1 year                                                                                45.05                        120.42                         59.86
1 to 2 years
2 to 3 years
More than 3 Years

(b) Other
Less than 1 year                                                                                24.72                          7.75                          1.71
1 to 2 years                                                                                     0.16
2 to 3 years
More than 3 Years

Note: Micro and Small Enterprises
Disclosure as per Section 16 of the MSMED Act 2006
     i. Amount due and outstanding to MSME suppliers as at the end
                                                                                                45.05                        120.42                         59.86
of the accounting period / year.
     ii. Interest paid during the period / year to MSME.                                         5.09                          0.00                          0.00
     iii. Interest payable at the end of the accounting period / year to
                                                                                                 0.11                          3.77                          1.26
MSME.
     iv. Interest accrued and unpaid at the end of the accounting
                                                                                                    0                          3.77                          1.26
period / year to MSME.

Trade Payables as on 31st March, 2026 has been taken as certified by the management of the company




                                                                                  FS - 26
                                                            HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
                                              (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Annexure 12: Restated Statement of Other Current Liabilities                                                                                     (Amount in Lakhs)
                            Particulars                                Year Ended 31st March, 2026     Year Ended 31st March, 2025     Year Ended 31st March, 2024

Other Current Liabilities
   Salaries and Wages Payable                                                                 27.08                           24.64                            26.22
   Expenses Payable                                                                            2.12                            0.79                             1.70
   GST Payable                                                                                 0.00                            0.00                             4.56
   TDS Payable                                                                                 4.28                            4.47                             1.26
   TCS Payable                                                                                 0.00                            0.00                             0.00
   Provident Fund                                                                             12.60                           12.66                            12.57
   ESIC                                                                                        1.12                            1.13                             1.13
   Profession Tax                                                                              0.12                            0.67                             0.70
   Director Remuneration Payable                                                               2.46                            2.30                             0.90
   Interest accured but not due                                                                0.94                            0.38                             0.43
  Advance from Customers                                                                       3.15                            0.10                            15.26
                                                                                              53.88                           47.14                            64.74

Notes:
Advance received from the customers have been taken as certified by the management of the company and no security has been offered by the company against the
same.
The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities of Company.
The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow
statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.




                                                                              FS - 27
    HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
    Annexure 13: Restated Statement of Property, Plant and Equipment                                                                                                   (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                   Com                 OE                  P&M              Veh                   F&F                  TM
                                                   Acc Dep Com         Acc Dep OE          Acc Dep P&M      Acc Dep Veh           Acc Dep F&F          Acc Dep TM
                                                                                            Tangible Assets                                            Intangible Assets


                                                      Computer,            Office             Plant and                             Furniture &
    Gross block                                                                                                 Vehicles                                 Trade Marks          Total
                                                   Laptops, Printers     Equipments           Machinery                               Fixtures


    Balance as at 31 March 2024                                 0.40                4.47             65.87                88.71                 1.42              10.68           171.54
    Additions                                                   0.23                2.03             11.37                 0.00                 7.05               0.43            21.10
    Disposals                                                   0.00                0.00              0.00                 0.00                 0.00               0.00             0.00
    Balance as at 31 March 2025                                 0.62                6.50             77.24                88.71                 8.47              11.11           192.65
    Additions                                                   0.14                2.18              4.66                 0.00                 0.00               0.00             6.98
    Disposals                                                   0.00                0.00              0.00                 0.00                 0.00               0.00             0.00
    Balance as at 31 March 2026                                 0.76                8.68             81.90                88.71                 8.47              11.11           199.63

    Accumulated depreciation and amortisation
    Balance as at 31 March 2023                                 0.00                0.00               5.38                0.00                 0.00               0.35                5.73
    Depreciation charge                                         0.10                0.59               9.92                4.01                 0.00               1.43               16.04
    Reversal on disposal of assets                                                                                                                                                     0.00
    Balance as at 31 March 2024                                 0.10                0.59             15.30                 4.01                 0.00               1.77               21.78
    Depreciation charge                                         0.24                1.47             10.95                26.45                 1.96               1.26               42.34
    Deduction/ Adjustment                                                                                                                                                              0.00
    Balance as at 31 March 2025                                 0.34                2.06             26.25                30.46                 1.96               3.04               64.11
    Depreciation charge                                         0.20                1.51              9.83                18.19                 1.68               1.12               32.54
    Deduction/ Adjustment                                                                                                                                                              0.00
    Balance as at 31 March 2026                                 0.55                3.57             36.07                48.66                 3.65               4.16               96.65

    Net block
    Balance as at 31 March 2024                                 0.30                3.88             50.57                84.70                 1.42               8.90           149.77
    Balance as at 31 March 2025                                 0.28                4.44             50.99                58.25                 6.50               8.07           128.54
    Balance as at 31 March 2026                                 0.21                5.11             45.83                40.06                 4.82               6.95           102.97

1 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities of Company.
    The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow
2
    statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.




                                                                                    FS - 28
  HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
  Annexure 14 : Non Current Investments                                                                                                                         (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                       Year Ended 31st March, 2026          Year Ended 31st March, 2025          Year Ended 31st March, 2024
                             Particulars
                                                                       Long-term         Short-term         Long-term         Short-term         Long-term          Short-term

  Shares of Cosmos Co- Op Bank Limited ( At Cost)                                5.00              0.00               1.50              0.00               0.00              0.00
  Gold Coins ( At Cost)                                                          1.84              0.00               1.84              0.00               1.84              0.00

                                                                                 6.84              0.00               3.34              0.00               1.84              0.00
                                                                                                                                                           -
1 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities of Company.
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement,
2
  significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.

  Annexure 15: Restated Statement of Loans and advances
                                                                       Year Ended 31st March, 2026              Year Ended 31st March, 2025          Year Ended 31st March, 2024
                             Particulars
                                                                       Long-term         Short-term            Long-term         Short-term         Long-term         Short-term
    Unsecured, considered good unless stated otherwise
    Advances
    Advance to Employees                                                         0.00              0.00               0.00              0.90               0.00              5.00
    Advance to Creditors                                                         0.00              4.93               0.00              5.94               0.00              8.79
    Advance to Others                                                            0.00              1.15               0.00              0.62               0.00              0.00
    Advance to Related Parties                                                   0.00              0.00               0.00              0.00               0.00              0.00
                                                                                 0.00              6.09               0.00              7.45               0.00             13.79
  Note :-
1 Advance given to suppliers have been taken as certified by the management of the company.
2 No Securitites have been taken by the company against advances given to suppliers.
3 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities of Company.
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement,
4
  significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.
  Annexure 16 : Other Current Assets
                                                                       Year Ended 31st March, 2026              Year Ended 31st March, 2025          Year Ended 31st March, 2024
                             Particulars
                                                                       Long-term        Short-term             Long-term         Short-term         Long-term         Short-term
                                                                                -                 -                   -                  -                 -                  -
    Income Tax / TDS Receivable                                                 0.00              2.21               0.00               0.14              0.00               9.71
    Prepaid Expenses                                                            0.00              4.32               0.00               0.60              0.00               0.52
    Security Deposits                                                           0.10              0.00               0.10               0.00              0.00               0.00
    Statutory Dues Receivable                                                   0.00              0.00               0.00               0.00              0.00               0.00
    Duty Drawback Receivable                                                    0.00              0.00               0.00               0.00              0.00               0.00
    GST - Receivable                                                            0.00             42.70               0.00               4.02              0.00               0.00
    Deferred IPO Exp                                                            0.00             19.04               0.00               0.00              0.00               0.00
                                                                                   FS - 29
  HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
   MVAT / GST - Refund                                                 0.00             0.00                            0.00               0.00               0.00               0.00
   MAT Credit                                                        162.29             0.00                           37.42               0.00               0.00               0.00
   Preliminary expenses to the extent not written off                  0.00             0.48                            0.00               0.96               0.00               1.44
                                                                              162.39                  68.74            37.52               5.72               0.00              11.67
  Note :-
1 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities of Company.
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement,
2 significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.




                                                                                      FS - 30
  HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

  Annexure 17: Restated Statement of Inventories                                                       (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                             Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st
                        Particulars
                                                                March, 2026           March, 2025           March, 2024

    Finished Goods                                                     63.78                141.11                 77.82
    Raw Materials & Packing Material                                  670.17                 91.59                 94.91
    Work In Progress                                                  157.60                 95.71                 79.56

                                                                        891.54               328.41               252.29
  Note :-
  Value of Inventories as on 31st March, 2026 has been taken as certified by the management of the company.


  Annexure 18: Restated Statement of Trade Receivables                                                 (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                             Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st
                        Particulars
                                                                March, 2026           March, 2025           March, 2024
  Undisputed -Considered Good
  1. From Directors/ Promotors / Promotor Group /
  Associates / Relative of Directors / Group Companies

      Over Six Months                                                   0.00                   0.00                 0.00
      Others                                                            0.00                   0.00                 0.00
                                                                        0.00                   0.00                 0.00
  2. From Others
        Less than Six Months                                         1044.54                545.70                155.26
        6 Months to 1 Year                                              1.46                 13.18                  0.00
        1 Year to 2 Years                                              12.69                  5.07                  0.00
        2 Years to 3 Years                                              0.00                  0.00                  0.00
        More Than 3 Years                                               0.00                  0.00                  0.00
  (ii) Undisputed – which have significant increase in
  credit risk                                                           0.00                  0.00                  0.00
  (iii) Undisputed – credit impaired                                    0.00                  0.00                  0.00
  (iv) Disputed – considered good                                       0.00                  0.00                  0.00
  (v) Disputed – considered doubtful                                    0.00                  0.00                  0.00
  (vi) Disputed– credit impaired                                        0.00                  0.00                  0.00
                                                                     1058.69                563.96                155.26
  Note :-
  As per the view of the Management of the Company there is no doubtful debts and hence provision for doubtful debts have
1
  not been made.
2 Trade Receivables as on 31st March, 2026 has been taken as certified by the Management of the Company.
3 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities of Company.
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of
4 Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary
  statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.

                                                                                          FS - 31
    Annexure 19: Restated Statement of Cash and Cash Equivalent                                            (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                             Year Ended 31st           Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st
                           Particulars
                                                                March, 2026               March, 2025           March, 2024
    Cash and cash equivalents
      Cash on hand                                                      2.25                       4.12                 7.83
    Balances with Banks
      In Current Accounts                                             42.35                        2.59                15.73
           In Deposit Accounts
      In Fixed Deposit with banks held as margin or security
                                                                      99.94                        0.00                 0.98

                                                                          144.54                   6.71               24.54
    Note :-
1
    The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities of Company.
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of
2 Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary
  statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.




                                                                                              FS - 32
    HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

    Annexure 20: Restated Statement of Revenue from operations                                                (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                     Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st
                           Particulars
                                                                        March, 2026          March, 2025           March, 2024
    Revenue from operations
    Sale of products
        Net Sales of Goods                                                   4422.14              2148.09                1442.56
        Net Sales of Services                                                   0.00                 0.00                   0.00
    Less:- Inter Branch Revenue                                              -115.39               -48.45                   0.00
        Other Operative Revenue                                                 0.00                 0.00                   0.00
                                                                             4306.75              2099.65                1442.56

    State wise                                                              Amount               Amount                 Amount
       Telangana                                                               408.82               241.43                 413.77
       Andhra Pradesh                                                          269.11                86.18                 109.09
       Karnataka                                                                32.89                35.58                  41.00
       Maharastra / Goa                                                         85.47                51.86                  42.00
       Tamil Nadu                                                               53.22                31.03                  36.41
       Kerala                                                                2124.72              1447.12                  657.42
       Punjab                                                                  119.23                30.46                  20.52
       Haryana                                                                  34.90                19.34                  19.84
       Rajasthan                                                                32.53                18.46                  10.65
       Uttar Pradesh                                                           503.18                66.60                   0.11
       West Bengal                                                              14.32                19.21                  13.76
       Uttrakhand                                                               22.73                10.67                   3.91
       Chhattisgarh                                                              0.00                -1.04                   1.28
       Assam                                                                     0.00                 4.04                  31.57
       Madhya Pradesh                                                           37.09                25.38                  40.93
       Delhi                                                                    -0.50                 2.15                   0.00
       Gujarat                                                                 568.75                 0.40                   0.31
       Jharkhand                                                                 0.18                 1.16                   0.00
       Himachal Pradesh                                                          0.13                 9.60                   0.00
                   Total Domestic Revenue                                    4306.75              2099.65                1442.56
                     Total Export Revenue                                        -                    -                      -
                  Revenue From Operation                                    4,306.75             2,099.65               1,442.56

1 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of Profit & Loss of the Company .
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of
2 Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary
  statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.

    Annexure 21: Restated Statement of Other Income                                                           (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                     Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st
                           Particulars
                                                                        March, 2026          March, 2025           March, 2024
    Other Non Operating Income
       Interest Income                                                           4.59                 0.00                   0.00
       Dividend Income                                                           0.10                 0.00                   0.00
       Rouding off                                                               0.00                 0.02                   0.00
       Other non-operating income (net of expenses
                                                                                 0.60                 0.02                   0.32
       directly attributable to such income).
                                                                                5.28                  0.04                   0.32
    Profit before tax                                                        748.13                224.83                  59.46
    % of other income to profit before tax                                    0.71%                 0.02%                  0.54%

    Note:
    The classification of 'Other income' as recurring or non-recurring and related or non-related to business activity is based on
1
    the current operations and business activities of the Company, as determined by the management.
2 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of Profit & Loss of the Company .




                                                                         FS - 33
   HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of
3 Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary
  statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.

   Annexure 22: Cost of Material Consumed                                                                 (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                  Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st
                         Particulars
                                                                     March, 2026          March, 2025          March, 2024
   Opening Stock                                                           91.59                94.91                 33.11
   Add: Purchases                                                        2960.59              1363.89                941.10
   Add: Packing Cost                                                      324.11                57.27                 24.92
   Less:- Interbranch Purchase                                            115.39                48.45                   0.00
   Less: Closing Stock                                                    670.17                91.59                 94.91

                                                                          2590.72              1376.04                904.22

   Annexure 22A: Purchase of Stock-In-Trade                                                               (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                               Year Ended 31st         Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st
                         Particulars
                                                                March, 2026               March, 2025          March, 2024

   Purchase of Stock-In- Trade                                                0.00                0.00                      0.00
   Less:- Interbranch Purchase                                                0.00                0.00                      0.00

                                                                              0.00                0.00                      0.00


   Annexure 22B. Change In Inventory of Finished Goods, Stock In Trade and WIP                            (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                             Year Ended 31st           Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st
                        Particulars
                                                               March, 2026                March, 2025          March, 2024

   Finished Goods / Stock In Trade/WIP
   Opening Stock -Finsished Goods                                          141.11                77.82                     99.84
   Opening Stock - WIP                                                      95.71                79.56                      0.00
   Less: Closing Stock - Finished Goods                                     63.78               141.11                     77.82
   Less: Closing Stock - WIP                                               157.60                95.71                     79.56

                                                                            15.45               -79.44                 -57.55

1 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of Profit & Loss of the Company .
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of
2 Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary
  statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.
   Annexure 23: Restated Statement of Employee Benefits Expense                                           (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                  Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st        Year Ended 31st
                         Particulars
                                                                     March, 2026          March, 2025            March, 2024
   Director Remuneration                                                   30.40                32.80                  24.36
   Salaries, wages and bonus                                              224.67               240.05                 255.79
   Contributions to Provident Fund and Other Fund                          16.32                17.67                  17.35
   Gratuity and Leave Encashment / Reversal                                  3.90                 2.29                   3.75
   Staff welfare expenses                                                    1.15                 0.71                   1.10
                                                                          276.44               293.51                 302.36

1 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of Profit & Loss of the Company .
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of
2 Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary
  statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.




                                                                      FS - 34
  HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
  Annexure 24: Restated Statement of Finance Costs                                         (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                               Year Ended 31st     Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st
                         Particulars
                                                                  March, 2026         March, 2025          March, 2024
  Interest expense:
   Interest on Car Loan                                                   0.00                5.69                 0.50
   Interest on Short Term Loans                                          32.81               24.19                16.00
   Interest on Security Deposit                                           0.00                0.18                 0.00
   Other Finance Cost                                                     2.11                0.82                 0.44
   Interest on default of Statutory Payments                              0.03                1.00                 1.42
                                                                         34.95               31.89                18.37

1 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of Profit & Loss of the Company .
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of
2 Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary
  statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.




                                                                   FS - 35
   HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

   Annexure 25: Restated Statement of Other Expenses                                                       (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                    Year Ended 31st    Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st
                          Particulars
                                                                       March, 2026        March, 2025           March, 2024
   Administrative, Selling and Other Expenses
   Power and fuel                                                             16.20               11.91                    13.11
   Rent                                                                       20.43               16.20                    15.00
   Factory Expenses                                                            7.70                7.56                    11.33
   Repairs to machinery                                                        3.72                1.76                     1.46
   Repairs to buildings                                                        0.00               10.40                     0.55
   Repairs to Others                                                           0.29                2.14                     1.54
   Communication Charges                                                       0.36                0.42                     0.31
   Insurance                                                                   3.18                0.64                     0.11
   Rates and taxes, excluding, taxes on income                                 9.06                6.90                     2.20
   Payments to the Auditor                                                     0.50                0.30                     0.30
   Technical/Legal/Prof/Consultancy Charges                                  149.97               21.83                     7.89
   Marketing Expenses                                                        118.44               93.23                    91.08
   Commission Expenses                                                       175.17                7.50                     3.64
   Office Expenses                                                             1.81                0.64                     0.13
   Discount Given                                                              1.17                0.21                     0.00
   Traveling and Conveyance                                                    4.47                5.77                     2.96
   Transportation Charges                                                     37.51               13.98                    17.08
   Business Promotion Expenses                                                60.74                8.33                    27.91
   Printing and Stationery                                                     0.04                0.22                     0.38
   Rounding Off                                                                0.04                0.00                    -0.01
   Penalty and Fines                                                           0.11                0.01                     2.25
   Preliminary Expenses Written Off                                            0.48                0.48                     0.48
   Bank Charges                                                                0.17                0.09                     0.03
   Postage and Courier                                                         0.00                0.00                     0.10
   Misc Expenses                                                               0.00                0.00                     0.17
   CSR Expenses                                                                0.00                0.00                     0.00
   Directors Sitting Fee                                                       1.09                0.00                     0.00

                             Total                                           613.80             210.53                 199.99

   Grand Total                                                              613.80              210.53                199.99

1 The figures disclosed above are based on the restated summary statement of Profit & Loss of the Company .
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of
2 Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary
  statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4 respectively.




                                                          FS - 36
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

Annexure 26: Restated Statement of Accounting and Other Ratios                                                                            (Amount in Lakhs)
 Sr.                                                                                              Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st      Year Ended 31st
                                       Particulars
no.                                                                                                  March, 2026          March, 2025          March, 2024

 A Net worth, as restated (₹)                                                                            1,637.61               674.75               134.09
 B Profit after tax, as restated (₹)                                                                       738.97               223.18                42.60

     Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period/ year

 C For Basic/Diluted earnings per share (Prior to Bonus Issue)                                          40,30,813            8,99,479               8,30,000
 D For Basic/Diluted earnings per share (Post Bonus Issue)                                              61,33,048           13,49,219              12,45,000

     Earnings per share
 E   Basic/Diluted earnings per share prior to bonus issue (₹) (B/C)                                        18.33                24.81                   5.13
 F   Adjusted Diluted earnings per share after bonus issue (₹) (B/D)                                        12.05                16.54                   3.42

 G Return on Net Worth (%) (B/A*100)                                                                       45.12%               33.08%               31.77%

 H   Number of shares outstanding at the end of the period/ year                                        40,30,813            8,99,479               8,30,000
 I   Number of shares outstanding at the end of the period/ year after Bonus Issue                      61,33,048           13,49,219              12,45,000
 J   Net asset value per equity share of ₹ 10 each(A/H)                                                     40.63               75.02                  16.16
 K   Net asset value per equity share of ₹ 10 each after Bouns Issue (A/I)                                  26.70               50.01                  10.77
 L   Face value of equity shares (₹)                                                                        10.00               10.00                  10.00
 M   Earning Before Interest , Taxes, Depreciation & Amortization (EBITDA)                                 810.34              299.01                  93.54

Notes :-
 1) The ratios have been computed in the following manner :
 a) Basic and Diluted earnings per share (₹)                                                 Restated Profit after tax attributable to equity shareholders
                                                                                            Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during
                                                                                                                    the period/year
 b) Return on net worth (%) =                                                                                  Restated Profit after tax
                                                                                                       Restated Net worth as at period/ year end
 c) Net asset value per share (₹)                                                                      Restated Net Worth as at period/ year end
                                                                                                  Total number of equity shares as at period/ year end
 2) The figures disclosed above are based on the Restated Financial Information of the Company.

 3) Weighted average number of equity shares is the number of equity shares outstanding at the beginning of the period/year adjusted for the number of
    equity shares issued during the period/year multiplied by the time weightage factor. The time weightage factor is the number of days for which the
    specific shares are outstanding as a proportion of total number of days during the period/year.

 4) Net worth for the ratios represents sum of share capital and reserves and surplus (share premium and surplus in the Restated Summary Statement of
 5) The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated statements of Profit & Loss, restated
    statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes to restated summary statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4
    respectively.
 6) Earning Before Interest , Taxes, Depreciation & Amortization (EBITDA) =Profir before Tax + Finance Cost +Depreciation - Other Income


                                                                                              FS - 37
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

   Annexure 27: Statement of Tax Shelter                                                                (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                                Year Ended 31st       Year Ended 31st     Year Ended 31st
                           Particulars
                                                                   March, 2026           March, 2025         March, 2024
   Profit before tax, as restated (A)                                   748.13                224.83                59.46
   Tax rate (%) (B)                                                     25.17%                25.17%               25.17%
   Tax expense at nominal rate [C= (A*B)]                               188.29                 56.58                14.96

   Adjustments
   Permanent differences
   Other Expenses ( Prepaid Insurance)                                    0.00                  -7.01                7.01
   Adjustment on account of Section 36 & 37 under Income tax              0.00                   0.00                0.00
   Act, 1961
   Addition under section 28 to 44DA                                      0.00                   2.39                0.51
   Total permanent differences (D)                                        0.00                  -4.62                7.52

   Timing differences
   Depreciation difference as per books and as per tax                    7.67                 17.47                -1.94
   Adjustment on account of Section 43B under Income tax Act,             0.00                  0.00                 0.00
   1961
   Adjustment on account of Section 28 to 44 DA Income tax                0.00                  0.00                 0.00
   other Additions                                                        0.00                  0.00                 0.00
   Provision for gratuity                                                 3.90                  2.29                 3.75
   Total timing differences (E)                                          11.57                 19.75                 1.81

   Deduction under Chapter VI-A (F) - Section 80 IAC                   -759.70               -239.96                0.00
   Income Chargable under the Head "Business and                          0.00                  0.00               68.79
   Profession"
   Total Income                                                           0.00                  0.00               68.79
   Income Taxable @22%                                                    0.00                  0.00               15.13
   Tax on Total income                                                    0.00                  0.00               15.13
   Add: Surcharge @ 10%                                                   0.00                  0.00                1.51
   Tax with Surcharge                                                     0.00                  0.00               16.65
   Add: Cess @ 4%                                                         0.00                  0.00                0.67
   Tax with Surcharge and Cess                                            0.00                  0.00               17.31

   Net adjustments(G)=(D+E+F)                                             0.00                  0.00                68.79
   Brought Forward Loss (ab)                                              0.00                  0.00                 0.00
   Brought Forward Loss (Utilisation)(ac)                                 0.00                  0.00                 0.00
                                                                            FS - 38
  Carried Forward Loss                                                            0.00                  0.00                  0.00
  Net Adjustment After Loss Utilisation (H)= (G)+(ac)                             0.00                  0.00                 68.79
  Income From Capital gain                                                        0.00                  0.00                  0.00
  Income From House Property                                                      0.00                  0.00                  0.00
  Tax impact of adjustments (I)=(H)*(B)                                           0.00                  0.00                 17.31
  Tax expenses (Normal Tax Liability) (J= C+I) (derived)                          0.00                  0.00                 17.31
  Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT)
  Income as per MAT **                                                         748.13                224.83                  59.46
  Less :- Business Loss or Unabsorbed Depre w.e. Lower                           0.00                  0.00                   0.00
  Net Income as per MAT                                                        748.13                224.83                  59.46
  Tax as per MAT                                                               124.88                 37.42                   0.00

  Tax Expenses= MAT or Normal Provision of Income Tax w.e.                     124.88                 37.42                 17.31
  Tax paid as per "MAT" or "Normal"provision                                     MAT                   MAT                 Normal

  Notes:
  1. The above statement is in accordance with Accounting Standard - 22, "Accounting for Taxes on Income" prescribed under
  Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 ( as amended).
  2. The permanent/timing differences for the years 31 March 2023,2024 and 2025 have been computed based on the Income-
  tax returns filed for the respective years after giving adjustments to restatements, if any.
  3. Figures for the year ended 31st March , 2026 have been derived from the provisional computation of total income prepared
  by the Company in line with the final return of income will be filed for the assessment year 2026-2027 and are subject to any
  change that may be considered at the time of filing return of income for the assessment year 2026-2027
  4. Statutory tax rate includes applicable surcharge, education cess and higher education cess of the year concerned.
  5. The above statement should be read with the Statement of Notes to the Financial Information of the Company.

  6.The Company is recognized as Start Up with the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT) and hold a
  certificate from the Inter-Ministerial Board of Certification (IMB) and received a certificate from DPIIT under section 80IAC of
  Income Tax 1961 making it eligible to claim benefit of 100% tax exemption on profits for eligible startups in India for any three
  consecutive assessment years within the first ten years of incorporation. The company has claimed the benefit of 100% tax
  exemption in FY 2024-25 for the first time and it is eligible to claim the benefit in FY 2025-26 and FY 2026-27.

MAT Working
                                                                                 2026                  2025                  2024
Opening Balance                                                                 37.42                   0.00                  0.00
   Entitlement                                                                 124.88                 37.42                   0.00
   Utilisation                                                                    0.00                  0.00                  0.00

Closing Balance                                                                162.30                 37.42                   0.00


                                                                                   FS - 39
                             HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED
               (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)

    Annexure 28: Restated Statement of Capitalisation
                                                                                   (Amount in Lakhs)
    Particulars                                                        Pre Issue          Post Issue
    Borrowings
    Short- term                                                          459.17                     [-]
    Long- term (including current maturities) (A)                         54.02                     [-]
    Total Borrowings (B)                                                513.19                  -
    Shareholders' funds
    Share capital                                                        630.67                     [-]
    Reserves and surplus                                               1,007.41                     [-]
    Total Shareholders' funds (C)                                     1,638.09                      [-]

    Long- term borrowings/ equity* {(A)/(C)}                               0.03                     [-]

    Total borrowings / equity* {(B)/(C)}                                   0.31                     [-]

* equity= total shareholders' funds

Notes:
   Short-term borrowings implies borrowings repayable within 12 months from the Balance Sheet
 1 date. Long-term borrowings are debts other than short-term borrowings and also includes the
   current maturities of long-term borrowings (included in Short term borrowing).
  On 30-09-2022, the company has issued 4,90,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each for Rs.10 on rights
2 basis to the existing share holders. The issue was made in compliance with the provision of the
  companies act 2013 and other applicable laws.
  On 28-03-2023, the company has issued 3,30,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each for Rs.10 on rights
3 basis to the existing share holders. The issue was made in compliance with the provision of the
  companies act 2013 and other applicable laws.
  During the financial year 2024-25, the company has issued 31,70,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each
4 for Rs.10 on rights basis to the existing share holders. The issue was made in compliance with the
  provision of the companies act 2013 and other applicable laws.
  During the financial year 2025-26 , the Company has made preferential allotment of 2,04,485
5 equity shares of Rs.10 each at a premium of Rs.103/- pursuant to the shareholders' approval
  received through Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on 05th February 2026.
  During the financial year 2025-26,the Company issued 21,02,235 Bonus Shares (i.e. One (1) for
  every Two (2) fully paid-up equity shares held having face value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) on
6 21st February 2026 by utilizing share premium account and surplus balance of Profit & Loss,
  pursuant to the shareholders' approval received through Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on
  19th February , 2026
  The above ratios have been computed on the basis of the Restated Summary Statement of Assets
7
  and Liabilities of the Company.
  The above statement sholud be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities,
  restated statements of Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement, significant
8
  accounting policies & notes to restated summary statements as appearing in annexures 1,2,3 & 4
  respectively.
                                                    FS - 40
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
Annexure 29: Related Party Transaction
Disclosure of transactions with Related Parties, as required by AS 18 “Related Party Disclosures” has been set out below. Related
parties as defined under AS 18 have been identified on the basis of representations made by the management and information
available with the Company.
Details of related party transactions for the Year ended 31st March 2026, 31st March 2025 and 31st March 2024 and balances
outstanding as at 31st March, 2026 , 31st March 2025 and 31st March 2024.


 Sr No.                         Nature of Relationship                       Names of related parties           Relationship
                                                                             Rohit Asawa                         Director
                                                                             Sneha Penmatsa                      Director
                                                                             Divya Asawa                         Director
                                                                             Krishna Kanth Sarda                 CFO
       1 Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                                                                             Pooja Biyani                        CS
                                                                             Ramya Inala                         Independent Director
                                                                             Abhishek Dhoot                      Independent Director


                                                                             Umesh Chand Asawa                  Father of Rohit Asawa
                                                                                                                Rohit Asawa is
       2 Relative of Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                                                                             Umesh Chand Asawa HUF              member of HUF
                                                                                                                Spouse of Sneha
                                                                             Krishna Kiran Kakarlapudi          Penmatsa

                                                                                                                    (Amount in Lakhs)
                                                          Transaction For
                                                                          Transaction For Period Ended Transaction For Period
 Sr No.                     Particulars                  Period Ended On
                                                                                  On 31-03-25           Ended On 31-03-24
                                                             31-03-26
      1 Remuneration/Salary
          Rohit Asawa                                                18.24                              16.40                    12.18
          Sneha Penmatsa                                             12.16                              16.40                    12.18
          Krishna Kanth Sarda                                        2.59                                0.00                     0.00
          Pooja Biyani                                               1.20                                0.00                     0.00



                                                                       FS - 41
      2 Unsecured Loan Taken
          Rohit Asawa                                          49.17                       330.15             129.25
          Sneha Penmatsa                                        0.00                        42.50               9.50
          Umesh Chand Asawa                                     0.00                         0.00                 25.00
          Umesh Chand Asawa HUF                                 0.00                        60.00                  0.00
          Divya Asawa                                           0.00                       110.00                  0.00
      3 Unsecured Loan Repaid
          Rohit Asawa                                          49.17                       330.15             129.25
          Sneha Penmatsa                                        0.00                        42.50               9.50
          Umesh Chand Asawa                                     0.00                       155.00               0.00
          Umesh Chand Asawa HUF                                 0.00                        60.00               0.00
          Divya Asawa                                           0.00                       110.00               0.00

      4 Interest Paid
          Umesh Chand Asawa                                     0.00                         8.29                 13.22
          Umesh Chand Asawa HUF                                 0.00                         2.25                  0.00
          Divya Asawa                                           0.00                         2.25                  0.00

      5 Loans and Advances Given
          Krishna Kiran Kakarlapudi                             0.00                       12.82              37.51

      6 Loans and Advances Received
          Krishna Kiran Kakarlapudi                             0.00                       12.82              46.06

      7 Directors Sitting Fees
          Ramya Inala                                           0.37                         0.00                  0.00
          Abhishek Dhoot                                        0.37                         0.00                  0.00
          Divya Asawa                                           0.35                         0.00                  0.00

Details of Balance Outstanding At The End Of Period
                                                       Balance as             Balance as             Balance as
 Sr No.                     Particulars
                                                      on 31-03-26            on 31-03-25            on 31-03-24
      1 Unsecured Loan
          Umesh Chand Asawa                                     0.00                         0.00             155.00

      2 Loans and Advances Receivable
          Krishna Kiran Kakarlapudi                             0.00                         0.00                  0.00

      3 Director Sitting Fee Payable
          Ramya Inala                                           0.37                         0.00                  0.00
          Abhishek Dhoot                                        0.37                         0.00                  0.00
          Divya Asawa                                           0.35                         0.00                  0.00
                                                                       FS - 42
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
Annexure 30: Additional Notes

A) The Company is not holding any immovable propery
B) The Company does not have any investment property.
C) The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right-of-Use Assets) and Intangible assets.

D)There are no loans or advances in the nature of loans are granted to Promoters, Directors, KMPs and their related parties (as
defined under Companies Act, 2013), either severally or jointly with any other person, that are outstanding as on 31st March,2026:
   (i) repayable on demand; or,
   (ii) without specifying any terms or period of repayment.
E) The company is not declared willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.

F) The company has not undertaken any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 or
section 560 of Companies Act, 1956.
G) No Scheme of Arrangements has been approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 237 of the Companies
Act, 2013.
H) The company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or
kind of funds) to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the undrstanding (whether
recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Intermediary shall directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified
in any manner whatsoever (Ultimate Beneficiaries) by or on behalf of the company or provide any guarantee, security or the like to
or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
I) The company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the company shall directly or indirectly lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever (Ultimate Beneficiaries) by or on behalf of the Funding Party or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
J) No transactions has been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessment under the Income Tax Act,
1961. There are no such previously unrecorded income or related assets.
K) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.

L) Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) expenditure - Section 135 of the Companies Act 2013
                                                      Gross Amount Required to be
  Sr no.          For the Period/Year ended                                            Amount Spent for the Period/ year ended
                                                                  Spent
     1    31st March,2026                                                    NA                                            NA
     2    31st March,2025                                                    NA                                            NA
     3    31st March,2024                                                    NA                                            NA

                                                                             FS - 43
HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED (Formerly known as HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED)
Annexure 31: Restated Statement of Ratios                                                                                (Amount in Lakhs)
Sr                                                  Year Ended 31st    Year Ended 31st    Year Ended 31st
    Particulars                                                                                              % Change         % Change
No.                                                    March, 2026        March, 2025        March, 2024
                                                         1                  2                  3             (1-2)/(2)         (2-3)/(3)
  1   Current Ratio (in times)
      Current Assets                                         2169.60             912.25             457.56
      Current Liabilites                                      789.72             341.57             406.84
      Current Ratio                                            2.75               2.67               1.12           2.86%         137.47%
  2   Debt-Equity Ratio (in times)
      Total Debts                                             513.18             175.95             323.51
      Share Holder's Equity + RS                             1638.09             675.71             135.54
      Debt-Equity Ratio                                         0.31               0.26               2.39         20.31%         -89.09%
  3   Debt Service Coverage Ratio (in times)
      Earning available for debt service                      780.67             272.86              76.00
      Interest + Installment                                    8.44              13.44               1.12
      Debt Service Coverage Ratio                              92.53              20.30              67.85        355.82%         -70.08%
  4   Return on Equity Ratio (in %)
      Net After Tax                                           738.97            223.18              42.60
      Share Holder's Equity                                  1156.90            405.62             114.24
      Return on Equity Ratio                                  63.87%            55.02%             37.29%          16.09%          47.54%
  5   Inventory Turnover Ratio (in times)
      Cost of Goods Sold                                     2606.17            1296.60             846.67
      Average Inventory                                       609.98             290.35             192.62
      Inventory turnover ratio                                  4.27               4.47               4.40          -4.32%          1.59%

  6   Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio (in times)
      Net Credit Sales                                       4306.75            2099.65            1442.56
      Average Receivable                                      811.33             359.61             124.73
      Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio                          5.31               5.84              11.57          -9.08%        -49.52%
  7   Trade Payables Turnover Ratio (In Times)
      Credit Purchase                                        2960.59            1363.89             941.10
      Average Payable                                          99.05              94.87              58.43
      Trade Payables Turnover Ratio                            29.89              14.38              16.11        107.91%         -10.75%
  8   Net Capital Turnover Ratio (In Times)
      Revenue from Operations                                4306.75            2099.65            1442.56
      Net Working Capital                                    1379.88             570.69              50.72
      Net capital turnover ratio                                3.12               3.68              28.44        -15.17%         -87.06%
  9   Net Profit ratio (in %)
      Net Profit                                              738.97             223.18              42.60
      Sales                                                  4306.75            2099.65            1442.56
                                                                                FS - 44
    Net Profit ratio                                       17.16%              10.63%               2.95%              61.43%       259.92%

10 Return on Capital employed (in %)
    Earning Before Interest and Taxes                      780.94              254.71               75.96
    Capital Employed                                      2151.27              851.66              459.05
    Return on Capital employed                             36.30%              29.91%              16.55%              21.38%        80.73%

11 Return on investment. (in %)
    Return                                                   4.69               0.00               0.00
    Investments                                           106.78                3.34               2.82
    Return on investment                                   4.39%              0.00%              0.00%                NA               NA
    Note: Reason for the ratios are not disclosed wrt comparative between FY 22-23 & FY 23-24 as company operated for full year in FY 23-
    24 and has opearted for only 7 months during FY 22-23.
    * Reason for variance More than 25 %
  1 Current Ratio (in times)
    FY -2024-25 : In FY 2024-25 , Company has offered higher credit terms to support revenue growth due to which receivables has increased
    and hence the change in ratio
  2 Debt-Equity Ratio (in times)
    FY -2024-25 : In FY 2024-25 , Company has repaid all the unsecured loan and hence the change in Ratio
  3 Debt Service Coverage Ratio (in times)
    FY -2024-25 : In FY 2024-25 , Debt Service coverage ratio has decreased due to installment payment for full year when compared to one
    month in FY 23-24
    FY -2025-26 : In FY 2025-26 , Debt Service coverage ratio has increased due to increase in Net profits of company when compared to FY 24-
    25
  4 Return on Equity Ratio (in %)
    FY -2024-25 : In FY 2024-25 , ROI percentage has decreased due to fresh infusion of capital in the month of Mar 25.
  6 Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio (in times)
    FY -2024-25 : In FY 2024-25 , to achieve the reveneue growth the company has started allowing higher credit terms due to which the ratio
  7 Trade Payables Turnover Ratio (In Times)
    FY -2025-26 : In FY 2024-25 , increase in procurement to support sales growth and inventory build up
  8 Net Capital Turnover Ratio (In Times)
    FY -2024-25 : In FY 2024-25 , increase in working capital driven by higher receivable and inventory to support sales growth
  9 Net Profit ratio (in %)
    FY -2024-25 : Increase is due to increase in operational efficiency and tax exemption
    FY -2025-26 : Increase is due to increase in operational efficiency
 10 Return on Capital employed (in %)
    FY -2024-25 : Increase is due to increase in operational efficiency and tax exemption


                                                                                FS - 45
                                       OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The accounting ratios required under Clause 11(II)(B) of Part A of Schedule VI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations
are given below:

                                                    (₹ in lakhs except per share data or unless otherwise stated)
 Particulars                                                      For the year For the year For the year
                                                                  ended           ended           ended
                                                                  March 31, March 31, March 31,
                                                                  2026*           2025*           2024*
 Restated Profit after Tax as per Profit & Loss Statement (A) 738.97              223.18          42.60
 Tax Expense (B)                                                  9.16            1.65            16.85
 Depreciation and amortization expense (C)                        32.54           42.34           16.04
 Interest Cost (D)                                                34.95           31.89           18.37
 Other Income (E)                                                 5.28            0.04            0.32
 EBITDA1 [A+B+C+D-E]                                              810.34          299.01          93.54
 EBITDA Margin (%)2                                               18.82           14.24           6.48

 Restated Net Worth (F)                                             1,637.61         674.75            134.09
 Return on Net Worth (%)3 [A/F]                                     45.12            33.08             31.77

 Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares at the end of the         40,30,813        8,99,479          8,30,000
 Year (Pre-Bonus) (G)
 Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares at the end of the         61,33,048        13,49,219         12,45,000
 Year (Post Bonus) (H)

 Current Assets (I)                                                 2,169.60         912.25            457.56
 Current Liabilities (J)                                            789.72           341.57            406.84
 Current Ratio4 [I/J]                                               2.75             2.67              1.12

 Earnings Per Share - Basic & Diluted (₹) (Pre Bonus)5              18.33            24.81             5.13
 (A/G)
 Earnings Per Share - Basic & Diluted (Post Bonus) (₹)6             12.05            16.54             3.42
 (A/H)

 Net Asset Value Per Share (₹)7 (F/G) (Pre Bonus)                   40.63            75.02             16.16
 Net Asset Value Per Share (₹)7 (F/H) (Post Bonus)                  26.70            50.01             10.77
* Rounded off to the closest Decimal
Notes:
The ratios have been calculated as below:
1. Earnings before Interest, Tax and Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA): Restated Profit after Tax as per Profit
     & Loss Statement plus Tax Expense plus Depreciation and amortization expense plus Interest Cost minus Other Income
2. EBITDA Margin (%): EBITDA divided by Revenue from operations
3. Return on Net Worth (%) (RoNW): Restated Profit after Tax as per Profit & Loss Statement divided by Restated Net
     Worth of Equity Share Holders as per Statement of Assets and Liabilities
4. Current Ratio: Current Assets divided by Current liabilities
5. Earnings per share (₹) (EPS): Restated Profit after Tax as per Profit & Loss Statement divided by Weighted Average
     Number of Equity Shares at the end of the Year
6. Earnings per share (₹) (EPS): Restated Profit after Tax as per Profit & Loss Statement divided by Weighted Average
     Number of Equity Shares at the end of the Year after considering bonus allotment.
7. Net Asset Value per Equity Shares: Restated Net Worth of Equity Share Holders as per Statement of Assets and
     Liabilities divided by Weighted average number of Shares Outstanding at the end of the year




                                                         232
                                        CAPITALISATION STATEMENT
                                                                                                         (₹ in lakhs)
 Particulars                                                             Pre-Issue as at          Post-Issue
                                                                         March 31, 2026*


 Debt
 - Short Term Debt                                                       459.17                   [●]
 - Long Term Debt (including Current Maturities) (A)                     54.02                    [●]
 Total Debt (B)                                                          513.19                   [●]
 Shareholders' Fund (Equity)
 - Share Capital                                                         630.67                   [●]
 - Reserves & Surplus                                                    1,007.41                 [●]
 Total Shareholders' Fund (Equity) (C)                                   1,638.09                 [●]
 Long Term Debt / Equity (In Ratio) (A/C)                                0.03                     [●]
 Total Debt / Equity (In Ratio) (B/C)                                    0.31                     [●]

Notes:
   i.    Short-term borrowings implies borrowings repayable within 12 months from the Balance Sheet date. Long-term
         borrowings are debts other than short-term borrowings and also includes the current maturities of long-term
         borrowings (included in short term borrowing).
  ii.    On 30-09-2022, the company has issued 4,90,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each for Rs.10 on rights basis to the
         existing shareholders. The issue was made in compliance with the provision of the companies act 2013 and other
         applicable laws.
 iii.    On 28-03-2023, the company has issued 3,30,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each for Rs.10 on rights basis to the
         existing shareholders. The issue was made in compliance with the provision of the companies act 2013 and other
         applicable laws.
  iv.    During the financial year 2024-25, the company has issued 31,70,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each for Rs.10 on
         rights basis to the existing shareholders. The issue was made in compliance with the provision of the companies
         act 2013 and other applicable laws.
  v.     During the financial year 2025-26 , the Company has made preferential allotment of 2,04,485 equity shares of
         Rs.10 each at a premium of Rs.103/- pursuant to the shareholders' approval received through Extra Ordinary
         General Meeting held on 05th February 2026.
  vi.    During the financial year 2025-26,the Company issued 21,02,235 Bonus Shares (i.e. One (1) for every Two (2)
         fully paid-up equity shares held having face value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) on 21st February 2026 by
         utilizing share premium account and surplus balance of Profit & Loss, pursuant to the shareholders' approval
         received through Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on 19th February , 2026
 vii.    The above ratios have been computed on the basis of the Restated Summary Statement of Assets and Liabilities
         of the Company.
viii.    The above statement should be read with the restated summary statement of assets & liabilities, restated
         statements of Profit & Loss, restated statements of Cashflow statement, significant accounting policies & notes
         to restated summary statements.




                          (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                          233
                              STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS
Our Company has availed certain loans in the ordinary course of business for the purposes including, but not
limited to meeting its working capital requirements and financing its capital expenditure. Unless otherwise stated,
the approvals and/or sanctions are valid as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and in case said
approvals and/or sanctions have expired, we have either made an application for renewal or are in the process of
making an application for renewal. Our Company has received NOC from our Principal Bankers.

The aggregate outstanding borrowings (including fund based and non-fund-based borrowings) of our Company
for the period ended on April 30, 2026, as certified by our Peer review Auditor, are as follows:

Facilities availed by us

As on April 30, 2026 the aggregate outstanding borrowings of our Company are as follows:
                                                                                                  (₹ in Lakhs)
 Category of Borrowings                       Sanction Limit                  Outstanding as on April 30,
                                                                              2026
 Secured Borrowings
 i. Term Loan – Vehicle Loan                  70.80                           53.26
 ii. Cash Credit                              500.00                          451.67
 Unsecured Borrowings                         NIL                             NIL
 Total                                        570.80                          504.93

A.) Secured Loans
                                                                                                       (₹ in Lakhs)
 Name      Natu     Date         of Sanctio Outstand           Rate       Repaym       Security/     Collateral
 of        re of    Sanction/Modifi n Limit ing as on          of         ent          Principal     Security/
 Lende     Facili   cation                  30.04.202          Intere     Term         terms and     other
 r         ty                               6                  st (%)                  condition     Condition
                                                                                       s
 The       Cash     June 19, 2025        500.0    451.67       8.95       Repayab      Hypotheca     Collateral
 Cosmo     Credi                         0                     (Floati    le   On      tion of all   Security
 s Co      t                                                   ng)        Demand       the           EMT by the
 Op                                                                                    Current       way        of
 Bank                                                                                  Assets of     MODTD of
 Limite                                                                                the           the    house
 d                                                                                     company       bearing no
                                                                                                     13-8-55,
                                                                                                     plot no. 12
                                                                                                     located     at
                                                                                                     Gautam
                                                                                                     Nagar
                                                                                                     Colony,
                                                                                                     Gaddiannara
                                                                                                     m Village ,
                                                                                                     LB      nagar
                                                                                                     built up area
                                                                                                     of 2800 sft
                                                                                                     on       land
                                                                                                     admeasuing
                                                                                                     305 Sq yds
                                                                                                     belonging to
                                                                                                     Mrs.
                                                                                                     Kakarlapudi
                                                                                                     Kanaka
                                                                                                     Durga
                                                                                                     Sundari



                                                       234
 Name      Natu     Date         of Sanctio Outstand         Rate      Repaym       Security/     Collateral
 of        re of    Sanction/Modifi n Limit ing as on        of        ent          Principal     Security/
 Lende     Facili   cation                  30.04.202        Intere    Term         terms and     other
 r         ty                               6                st (%)                 condition     Condition
                                                                                    s
                                                                                                  Hypothecati
                                                                                                  on        of
                                                                                                  Machinery
                                                                                                  Personal
                                                                                                  Guarantee of
                                                                                                  i) Shri Rohit
                                                                                                  Asawa
                                                                                                  ii)
                                                                                                  Mrs.Sneha
                                                                                                  Penmatsa
                                                                                                  iii)
                                                                                                  Mrs.Kakarla
                                                                                                  pudi Kanaka
                                                                                                  Durga
                                                                                                  Sundari
                                                                                                  iv)      Mrs.
                                                                                                  Chanda
                                                                                                  Asawa
                                                                                                  v)       Mrs.
                                                                                                  Divya
                                                                                                  Asawa
 Merce     Vehic    January 24, 2024   70.80    53.26        8.54      Repayab      Hypotheca
 des       le                                                          le in 35     tion    of
 Benz      Loan                                                        Monthly      Mercedez
 Financ                                                                Installme    Benz Car
 ial                                                                   nts of Rs.
 Servic                                                                1,12,008
 es                                                                    and last
 Private                                                               installme
 Limite                                                                nt of Rs.
 d                                                                     46,72,80
                                                                       0
                Total                   570.8 504.93
                                        0
Note: The figures disclosed above are based on the Restated Financial Statement of our Company.



                               (The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank)




                                                     235
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF
                              OPERATIONS
The following discussion is intended to convey management’s perspective on our financial condition and results
of operations for the financial years ended March 31, 2026, 2025 and 2024. One should read the following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our section titled
“Financial Information of the Company” and the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statement” on page of
231 the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and reflects our
current views with respect to future events and our financial performance and involves numerous risks and
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” on page 26 of
this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in any forward-
looking statements and for further details regarding forward-looking statements, kindly refer the chapter titled
“Forward-Looking Statements” on page 24 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Unless otherwise stated, the
financial information of our Company used in this section has been derived from the Restated Financial
Statement. Our financial year ends on March 31 of each year. Accordingly, unless otherwise stated, all references
to a particular financial year are to the 12-month period ended March 31 of that year.

In this section, unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to “we”, “us” or “our” refers to Himalaya
Nutravedics India Limited, our Company. Unless otherwise indicated, financial information included herein is
based on our “Restated Financial Statement” for the financial years ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and
March 31, 2024 beginning on page 231 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Our Company, Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited (the “Company”) is engaged in the manufacturing,
marketing and distribution of Ayurvedic formulations and nutraceutical products in India, along with undertaking
third-party contract manufacturing for similar companies. Our Company offers a diversified product portfolio
comprising classical (Shastric) Ayurvedic formulations, proprietary Ayurvedic products and nutraceutical
supplements across multiple dosage forms such as capsules, tablets, liquid orals and medicated oils. It operates
through a hybrid business model, balancing its own branded products with contract manufacturing to optimize
capacity utilization and revenue stability. Our Company’s products cater to various therapeutic and wellness
segments including gut health, immunity, metabolic health and general wellness. Its manufacturing operations
are carried out at a WHO-GMP compliant facility in Hyderabad, supported by relevant AYUSH and FSSAI
licences. Our Company primarily follows a doctor-centric marketing approach supported by a pan-India
distribution network.

FINANCIAL KPIs OF OUR COMPANY

The financial performance of the company for the last three years, as per the Restated Financial Statement, is as
follows:
  Particulars                                                For the year ended on March 31*
                                              2026                     2025                2024
  Revenue from operations (Rs. in Lakhs)      4,306.75                 2,099.65            1,442.56
  EBITDA (Rs. in Lakhs)                       810.34                   299.01              93.54
  EBITDA margin (%)                           18.82                    14.24               6.48
  PAT (Rs. in Lakhs)                          738.97                   223.18              42.60
  Net Profit margin (%)                       17.16                    10.63               2.95
  Net worth (Rs. in Lakhs)                    1,637.61                 674.75              134.09
  Return on equity (%)                        63.87                    55.02               37.29
  Return on capital employed (%)              36.41                    30.18               17.00
  Debt to equity ratio (times)                0.31                     0.26                2.39
*Rounded off to the closest Decimal
Notes:
1. Revenue from operations represents the revenue from sale of product & other operating revenue of our company as
    recognized in the Restated financial statement.

                                                       236
2.   EBITDA means Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, which has been arrived at by
     obtaining the profit before tax/ (loss) for the year / period and adding back interest cost, depreciation, and amortization
     expense less other income.
3.   EBITDA margin is calculated as EBITDA as a percentage of Revenue from operations.
4.   Net Profit for the year/period represents the restated profits of the Company after deducting all expenses.
5.   PAT Margin (%) is calculated as Profit for the year/period as a percentage of Revenue from Operations.
6.   Net worth means the aggregate value of the paid-up share capital and all reserves created out of the profits and securities
     premium account and debit or credit balance of profit and loss account, after deducting the aggregate value of the
     accumulated losses, deferred expenditure and miscellaneous expenditure not written off, but does not include reserves
     created out of revaluation of assets, capital reserve, write-back of depreciation and amalgamation.
7.   Return on Equity is calculated as Net profit after tax divided by Average Total Equity.
8.   Return on Capital Employed is calculated as Earnings before interest and taxes divided by capital employed as at the
     end of respective period/year. (Capital employed calculated as the aggregate value of net worth, total debt and deferred
     tax liabilities).
9.   Debt- equity ratio is calculated by dividing total debt by total equity. Total debt represents long-term and short-term
     borrowings. Total equity is the sum of share capital and reserves & surplus.

OUR PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
Our Company’s product portfolio comprises of formulations across multiple dosage forms, including softgel and
hardgel capsules, tablets, liquid orals and medicated oils, which are categorised across various wellness and
therapeutic segments. These products are formulated for use in areas such as digestive health, immunity,
metabolic health, musculoskeletal and joint-related wellness, reproductive vitality, respiratory wellness, pain
management and general wellness. Our Company’s formulations are intended for use across general wellness,
nutritional supplementation and lifestyle-related wellness segments, in accordance with applicable regulatory
classifications.
Our Company manufactures products in the following dosage forms:
 • Softgels
 • Tablets
 • Medicated Oils,
 • Others. (includes Liquid orals, Hardgel capsules, and Protein powders)

SIGNIFICANT DEVELOPMENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE LAST AUDITED BALANCE SHEET

In the opinion of the Board of Directors of our Company, since the date of the last financial statements, i.e. March
31, 2026, disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there have not arisen any circumstance that materially
or adversely affect or are likely to affect the profitability of our Company or the value of its assets or its ability to
pay its material liabilities within the previous twelve months.

FACTORS AFFECTING OUR FUTURE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS:
Our business is subjected to various risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in the section titled “Risk
Factors” beginning on page 26 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our results of operations and financial
conditions are affected by numerous factors including the following:
•    We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the sale of products in the Ayurvedic products which
     constituted 94.57%, 92.09% and 79.27% of our revenue from operations for the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024,
     respectively. Any reduction in demand for these products could have an adverse effect on our business, results
     of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
•    We are dependent on and derive a substantial portion of our revenue from certain key customers. Revenue
     generated from our top 10 customers accounted for 81.24%, 86.97%, and 84.19%, of our revenue from
     operations during the Fiscals 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Loss of relationship with any of these
     customers or delays or reductions in their orders may have an adverse effect on our business, results of
     operations, financial condition and cash flows.
•    We have historically derived, and may continue to derive, a significant portion of our supply from top 10
     Suppliers.
•    Our profitability may be adversely affected upon the expiry of tax benefits available under Section 80-IAC
     of the Income Tax Act, 1961, as applicable under the existing tax regime, and under Section 140 of the Income
     Tax Act, 2025, upon such new tax regime becoming effective.



                                                             237
•   Products returned by Stockists upon expiry may adversely affect our revenues, margins and inventory
    management. We operate out of a single Manufacturing Facility, located at Hyderabad, Telangana which
    exposes our operations to potential geographical concentration risks arising from local and regional factors
    which may adversely affect our operations and in turn our business, results of operations and cash flows.
•   We do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers and customers, which may expose us to risks relating
    to supply disruptions and loss of business. Our Company is significantly dependent on the experience,
    expertise, and continued support of our Promoters for the growth and development of our business, and any
    loss of their involvement could adversely affect our operations and future prospects.
•   We have had negative cash flows from operating activities in the past and may, in the future, experience
    similar negative cash flows

OUR SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

For Significant accounting policies, please refer to Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to accounts, under
Chapter titled “Restated Financial Statement” beginning on page 231 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

PRINCIPAL COMPONENTS OF STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS

TOTAL INCOME:
Our total income comprises of revenue from operations and other income.
Revenue from operations:
Revenue from operations consists of Sale of Ayurvedic and Nutraceutical products in the form of Softgel
Capsules, Medicated Oils, Tablets and other products like Liquid Orals, Hard Gel Capsules, Protein Powders.
Other Incomes:
Other Income includes Interest Income on Fixed Deposits, Dividend Income and Other Non-operating Income.
EXPENDITURE:
Cost of Materials Consumed:
Cost of Material Consumed consists of Purchase of Raw Materials in the form of Oils, Ghee, Extracts, powders,
etc and packing materials.
Change in Inventories of Finished Goods & WIP:
Our Changes in Inventories comprises of change in Stock of Finished goods and WIP from the beginning of the
year to the end of the year.

Employee Benefit Expenses:
Our employee benefit expense consists of Salaries Wages & Bonus, Contribution to Provident and other funds,
Director Remuneration and Staff Welfare Expenses.

Finance Cost:
Finance Costs consists of Interest on Working Capital Loan, Interest on Unsecured loan, Interest on Security
Deposit, Interest on default of Statutory Payments, Bank Charges and Interest for Delayed payment to MSME.
Depreciation and amortization expenses:
Tangible assets are depreciated over periods corresponding to their estimated useful lives. Depreciation includes
depreciation charged on Property, Plant & Equipment & Intangible Assets.
Other Expenses:
Other Expenses comprises of power and fuel, rent, factory expenses, repairs to machinery, repairs to buildings
and other repairs, communication charges, insurance, and rates and taxes (excluding taxes on income), payments
to the auditor, technical, legal, professional and consultancy charges, marketing and commission expenses, office
expenses, travelling and conveyance, transportation charges, business promotion expenses, printing and
stationery, postage and courier, and other miscellaneous expenses, preliminary expenses written off, penalties and
fines, and rounding off differences.


                                                       238
Tax Expenses:
Tax expenses consist of Current year Tax, Deferred Tax and Earlier year tax expenses.


FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

                                                                                                   (₹ In Lakhs)
    Particulars                       Year       %     of       Year       %     of     Year        %       of
                                      Ended      Total          Ended      Total        Ended       Total
                                      March      Income*        March      Income*      March       Income*
                                      2026                      2025                    2024
    Revenue from operations           4,306.75   99.88          2,099.65   100.00       1,442.56    99.98
    Other income                      5.28       0.12           0.04       0.00         0.32        0.02
    Total Income                      4,312.03   100.00         2,099.69   100.00       1,442.88    100.00

    Cost of Material Consumed         2,590.72   60.08          1,376.04   65.54        904.22      62.67
    Purchase of Stock in Trade        -          0.00           -          0.00         -           0.00
    Change in Inventories of
    Finished Goods, WIP &             15.45      0.36           (79.44)    (3.78)       (57.55)     (3.99)
    Traded Goods
    Employee benefits expense         276.44     6.41           293.51     13.98        302.36      20.96
    Finance costs                     34.95      0.81           31.89      1.52         18.37       1.27
    Depreciation and
                                      32.54      0.75           42.34      2.02         16.04       1.11
    amortization expense
    Other expenses                    613.80     14.23          210.53     10.03        199.99      13.86
    Total Expenses                    3,563.90   82.65          1,874.86   89.29        1,383.43    95.88

    Profit Before Exceptional
                                      748.13     17.35          224.83     10.71        59.46       4.12
    and Extraordinary Items
    Add/(Less):- Exceptional
                                      -          0.00           -          0.00         -           0.00
    and Extraordinary Items
    Profit Before Tax (PBT)           748.13     17.35          224.83     10.71        59.46       4.12

    Current tax                       9.16       0.21           1.88       0.09         17.31       1.20
    Deferred tax                      -          0.00           (0.23)     (0.01)       (0.46)      (0.03)
    Profit for the Year               738.97     17.14          223.18     10.63        42.60       2.95
*
Rounded off to the closest decimal.

COMAPRISON OF FY 2025-26 WITH FY 2024-25:

Total Income
The total revenue, comprising both revenue from operations and other income, has risen to ₹ 4,312.03 lakhs in
FY 2025-26, from ₹2,099.69 lakhs in FY 2024-25. This represents an increase of 105.37% for the said period,
mainly driven by an increased sale of products by 105.86%.
Revenue from operations
The revenue from operations has increased to ₹4,306.75 lakhs in FY 2025-26, from ₹2,099.65 lakhs in FY 2024-
25. This represents an increase of 105.12% for the said period which is primarily consist increase in sales
expansion of customer base and higher utilisation capacities. This growth is driven by a significant demand of
Softgel Capsules and medicated oils by 109.68% and 127.92% respectively.

The Company witnessed significant traction in its manufacturing and marketing operations due to increased
demand from existing customers as well as onboarding of new customers across various geographical regions.
The growing acceptance of the Company’s products in the nutraceutical and Ayurvedic segments also contributed
positively to sales growth.

                                                          239
Further, the Company expanded its product reach and strengthened its distribution network, resulting in improved
order inflows and repeat business from institutional and trade customers. Higher production efficiency and better
operational utilisation enabled the Company to cater to the increased demand effectively without major
operational constraints.

Other Incomes
The other income of the company for FY 2025-26 increased to ₹5.28 Lakhs as against ₹0.04 Lakhs in FY 2024-
25 i.e. Other Income increased significantly. This was mainly due to increase in Interest Income.

EXPENDITURE:

Total Expenses

The total expenses for the FY 2025-26 were increased to ₹3,563.90 Lakhs from ₹1,874.86 Lakhs in FY 2024-25
i.e., total expenses increased by 90.09%. The reasons for change are discussed below:

Cost of Material Consumed and Purchases of Goods

The total cost of material consumed have increased to ₹2,590.72 lakhs in FY 2025-26 from ₹1,376.04 lakhs in
FY 2024-25 i.e. the above expense increased by 88.27%. The total expenses in material consumed increased in
absolute figures due to increase in scale of operations during the fiscal year primarily contributed by increase in
purchase cost by 117.07% and increase in packaging cost by 465.94%.

The growth in revenue and increased demand for the Company’s products, particularly Softgel Capsules and
Medicated Oils, resulted in higher procurement of raw materials and packaging materials to support
manufacturing requirements. Purchase cost increased by 117.07%, mainly due to higher production activity,
increased sales volumes, and procurement of a larger quantity of raw materials.

Further, packaging material expenses increased by 465.94%, primarily on account of increased sales volumes,
expansion in product offerings, higher utilisation of branded packaging components, and enhanced focus on
product presentation and compliance-related packaging requirements. The increase in packaging cost was also
supported by the Company’s growing presence across new geographical markets and customer segments.


Change in Inventories of Finished Goods & WIP

There was net increase in inventories of Finished Goods & WIP of ₹ 15.45 Lakhs for FY 2025-26 against net
decrease of ₹79.44 Lakhs in FY 2024-25. This change is mainly due to the increase in production and operational
activities during the year, resulting in a higher level of finished goods and WIP at the end of the FY 2025-2026.
The company maintained higher inventory levels to support growing business operations and future sales demand.

In line with the substantial growth in revenue and demand for the Company’s products, the Company maintained
higher levels of finished goods and WIP inventory to ensure uninterrupted supply, timely execution of orders,
and efficient servicing of customers across various regions. The increase in inventory levels was also necessary
to support the expanded product portfolio and growing business operations.

Further, higher closing inventory levels reflect the Company’s strategic approach towards maintaining adequate
stock availability to meet anticipated future demand and support continued business growth.

Employee Benefit Expenses

The Employee Benefit Expenses for the FY 2025-26 was decreased to ₹276.44 Lakhs from ₹293.51 Lakhs for
the FY 2024-25 i.e., employee benefit expenses decreased by 5.82%. This decrease was mainly due to
rationalisation of employee strength to enhance operational efficiency.

Finance Cost



                                                       240
The Finance Cost for the FY 2025-26 was increased to ₹34.95 Lakhs from ₹31.89 Lakhs for the FY 2024- 25 i.e.,
expenses increased by 9.61% due to increase in Interest Expense as working capital loan increase from ₹24.19
lakhs in FY 2024-25 to ₹32.81 lakhs in FY 2025-26.

Depreciation and amortization expenses

The Depreciation and amortization expense for FY 2025-26 was ₹32.54 Lakh, whereas in FY 2024-25, it was
₹42.34 Lakhs i.e., decreased by 23.14% which is primarily due to decrease in depreciation of tangible and
intangible assets in line with the previous Fiscal.

Other Expenses

Other Expenses increased to ₹613.80 Lakhs for FY 2025-26 from ₹210.53 Lakh for FY 2024-25, showing an
increase of 191.55% mainly due to increase in Rent, Technical/Legal/Prof/Consultancy Charges, Marketing
Expenses, Commission Expenses.

The increase in expenses was mainly driven by higher Rent expenses due to expansion of operational
infrastructure and facilities to support increased production and business activities. Further, Technical, Legal,
Professional and Consultancy Charges increased on account of advisory, compliance, regulatory, business
development, and strategic expansion-related activities undertaken during the year.

Marketing Expenses and Commission Expenses also witnessed substantial growth owing to increased
promotional activities, expansion into new geographical markets, strengthening of distribution channels, and
higher sales generation efforts undertaken by the Company. The increase in these expenses was aligned with the
Company’s strategy to scale operations, enhance market presence, and support the significant growth in revenue
during the year.

Profit before Extra-Ordinary Items and Tax

The restated Profit before Tax for FY 2025-26 was increased to ₹748.13 Lakhs as against ₹224.83 Lakhs in FY
2024-25 i.e., profit before tax increased by 232.75%. This increase was mainly due to increase in revenue.

Total Tax Expenses

The total tax expense for FY 2025-26 increased to ₹9.16 Lakhs as against ₹1.65 Lakhs in the FY 2024-25. This
increase was mainly due to increase in restated Profit Before tax from ₹224.83 Lakhs in FY 2024-2025 to
₹748.13 Lakhs in FY 2025-2026.

Profit after Tax (PAT)

The restated Profit after Tax for FY 2025-24 increased to ₹738.97 Lakhs as against ₹223.18 Lakhs in the FY
2024-25. This increase was mainly due to increase in Profit before Tax and Taxation Benefits.

COMPARISON OF FY 2024-25 WITH FY 2023-24:

Total Income:
The total revenue, comprising both revenue from operations and other income, has risen to ₹ 2,099.69 lakhs in
FY 2024-25, from ₹ 1,442,88 lakhs in FY 2023-24. This represents an increase of 45.52% for the said period,
mainly driven by an increased penetration in south Indian states.
Revenue from operations
The revenue from operations has increased to ₹ 2,099.65 lakhs in FY 2024-25, from ₹ 1,442.56 lakhs in FY 2023-
24. This represents an increase of 45.55% for the said period which is primarily consist of domestic sales. This
growth is driven by a significant demand of Softgel Capsules and Medicated Oils and addition of new customers
resulted into higher revenue in the fiscal year 2024-25.



                                                      241
The increase in revenue was primarily driven by growth in domestic business operations and improved sales
performance across key product categories.
The Company witnessed higher demand for Softgel Capsules and Medicated Oils during the year, supported by
addition of new customers and strengthening relationships with existing customers. Further, increased market
penetration, broader customer reach, and improved order volumes contributed to the overall growth in revenue
from operations during FY 2024-25.
Other Incomes
The other income of the company for FY 2024-25 decreased to ₹ 0.04 Lakhs as against ₹ 0.32 Lakhs (in FY 2023-
24 i.e. Other Income decreased by 87.50%. This was mainly due to decrease in Other Non-Operating Income.
EXPENDITURE:

Total Expenses

The total expenses for the FY 2024-25 were increased to ₹1,874.86 Lakhs from ₹1,383.43 Lakhs in FY 2023-24
i.e., total expenses increased by 35.52%. The reasons for change are discussed below:

Cost of Material Consumed and Purchases of Goods

The total cost of material consumed have increased to ₹1,376.04 lakhs in FY 2024-25 from ₹904.22 lakhs in FY
2023-24 i.e. the above expense increased by 52.18%. The total expenses in material consumed increased in
absolute figures due to increase in scale of operations during the fiscal year. The Company experienced higher
utilisation of production capacity owing to increased demand for its products, which resulted in greater
consumption of input materials. The rise in material consumption expenses was therefore in line with the
expansion of business operations and growth in revenue during FY 2024-25.

Change in Inventories -of Finished Goods & WIP

The inventories of Finished Goods & WIP increased by ₹ 79.44 Lakhs for FY 2024-25 against increase of ₹57.55
Lakhs in FY 2023-24. This change is mainly due to the increase in production and operational activities during
the year, resulting in a higher level of finished goods and WIP at the end of the FY 2024-2025. The Company
maintained adequate inventory levels of finished goods and WIP to support smooth business operations, ensure
timely delivery of products, and meet anticipated sales requirements. The increase also reflects the Company’s
operational growth and expanded manufacturing activities during FY 2024-25.


Employee Benefit Expenses

The Employee Benefit Expenses for the FY 2024-25 was decreased to ₹293.51 Lakhs from ₹302.36 Lakhs for
the FY 2023-24 i.e., employee benefit expenses decreased by 2.93%. This decrease was mainly due to
rationalisation of employee strength to enhance operational efficiency.

Finance Cost

The Finance Cost for the FY 2024-25 was increased to ₹31.89 Lakhs from ₹18.37 Lakhs for the FY 2023- 24 i.e.,
expenses increased by 73.62% due to increase in Interest Expense as working capital loan increase from ₹98.33
lakhs in FY 2023-24 to ₹113.51 lakhs in FY 2024-25.

Depreciation and amortization expenses

The Depreciation and amortization expense for FY 2024-25 was ₹42.34 Lakh, whereas in FY 2023-24, it was
₹16.04 Lakhs i.e., increased by 163.97% which is primarily due to purchase of Fixed Assets.

Other Expenses

Other Expenses increased to ₹210.53 Lakhs for FY 2024-25 from ₹199.99 Lakh for FY 2023-24, showing an
increase of 5.27% mainly due to increase in Rent, Technical/Legal/Prof/Consultancy Charges, Marketing
Expenses, Commission Expenses.

                                                     242
Profit before Extra-Ordinary Items and Tax

The restated Profit before Tax for FY 2024-25 was increased to ₹224.83 Lakhs as against ₹59.46 Lakhs in FY
2023-24 i.e., profit before tax increased by 278.12%. This increase was mainly due to increase in revenue.

Total Tax Expenses

The total tax expense for FY 2024-25 decreased to ₹1.65 Lakhs as against ₹16.85 Lakhs in the FY 2023-24.
This decrease was mainly due to opting Section 80IAC of Income Tax Act, 1961 making it eligible to claim
benefit of 100% tax exemption on profits for eligible startups in India.

Profit after Tax (PAT)

The restated Profit after Tax for FY 2024-25 increased to ₹223.18 Lakhs as against ₹42.60 Lakhs in the FY
2023-24. This increase was mainly due to increase in Profit before Tax and Taxation Benefits.


DISCUSSION ON THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

The table below summarizes our cash flows from our restated for financial years ended March 31, 2026, March
31, 2025 and March 31, 2024:
                                                                                                (₹ in Lakhs)
     Particulars                                   For the Period / Year ended
                                                   March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Net cash generated from / (used in) Operating
                                                   (383.44)             (139.11)          (55.10)
 activities
 Net cash generated from / (used in) Investing
                                                   (5.79)               (22.60)           (109.80)
 activities
 Net cash generated from / (used in) from
                                                   527.05               143.88            184.24
 Financing activities
 Net Increase / (decrease) in Cash & Cash
                                                   137.82               (17.83)           19.34
 Equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
                                                   6.71                 24.54             5.20
 the Period / year
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
                                                   144.53               6.71              24.54
 Period/ year

Operating Activities

    •   In Financial Year 2025-26, Net cash used in operating activities was ₹383.44 Lakhs. This comprised
        of the profit before tax of ₹748.13 Lakhs, which was majorly adjusted for depreciation and amortization
        expenses of ₹32.54 Lakhs, finance cost of ₹34.95 Lakhs. The resultant operating profit before working
        capital changes was ₹810.94 Lakhs, which was again adjusted for changes in working capital
        requirements.

    •   In Financial Year 2024-25, Net cash used in operating activities was ₹139.11 Lakhs. This comprised
        of the profit before tax of ₹224.83 Lakhs, which was majorly adjusted for depreciation and amortization
        expenses of ₹42.34 Lakhs, finance cost of ₹31.89 Lakhs. The resultant operating profit before working
        capital changes was ₹299.05 Lakhs, which was again adjusted for changes in working capital
        requirements.

    •   In Financial Year 2023-24, Net cash used in operating activities was ₹55.10 Lakhs. This comprised of
        the profit before tax of ₹59.46 Lakhs, which was majorly adjusted for depreciation and amortization
        expenses of ₹16.04 Lakhs, finance cost of ₹18.37 Lakhs. The resultant operating profit before working
        capital changes was ₹93.87 Lakhs, which was again adjusted for changes in working capital
        requirements.


                                                     243
Investing Activities

     •   In Financial Year 2025-26, Net cash used in Investing activities was ₹5.79 Lakhs which primarily
         comprised of cash used for the purchase of property, plant and equipment of ₹6.98 Lakhs, Net of
         Purchase of Investments of ₹3.50 Lakhs and Interest and Dividend Received of ₹4.69 Lakhs.

     •   In Financial Year 2024-25, Net cash used in Investing activities was ₹22.60 Lakhs which primarily
         comprised of cash used for the purchase of property, plant and equipment of ₹21.10 Lakhs and Net of
         Purchase of Investments of ₹1.50 Lakhs.

     •   In Financial Year 2023-24, Net cash used in Investing activities was ₹109.80 Lakhs which primarily
         comprised of cash used for the purchase of property, plant and equipment of ₹107.96 Lakhs and Net of
         Purchase of Investments of ₹1.84 Lakhs.

Financing Activities

     •   In Financial Year 2025-26, Net cash generated from financing activities was ₹527.05 Lakhs, which
         predominantly was on account of decrease in Short term Loans and Advances of ₹1.37 Lakhs, Proceeds
         from Short Term Borrowings of ₹391.23 Lakhs, Repayment of Long Term Borrowings of ₹54.00 Lakhs
         and payment of finance charges of ₹34.95 Lakhs.

     •   In Financial Year 2024-25, Net cash generated from financing activities was ₹143.88 Lakhs, which
         predominantly was on account of decrease in Short term Loans and Advances of ₹6.34 Lakhs,
         Repayment of Short Term Borrowings of ₹139.13 Lakhs, Repayment of Long Term Borrowings of ₹8.44
         Lakhs and payment of finance charges of ₹31.89 Lakhs.

     •   In Financial Year 2023-24, Net cash generated from financing activities was ₹184.24 Lakhs, which
         predominantly was on account of decrease in Short term Loans and Advances of ₹11.26 Lakhs, Proceeds
         from Short Term Borrowings of ₹128.92 Lakhs, Proceeds from Long Term Borrowings of ₹62.43 Lakhs
         and payment of finance charges of ₹18.37 Lakhs.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
For further information, please refer “Annexure 29 - Related Party Transaction” under section “Restated
Financial Statement” beginning from page no. 231 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
FINANCIAL MARKET RISKS
Market risk is the risk of loss related to adverse changes in market prices, including interest rate risk. We are
exposed to interest rate risk, inflation and credit risk in the normal course of our business.
INTEREST RATE RISK
We are currently exposed interest to rate risks to the extent of outstanding loans. However, any rise in future
borrowings may increase the risk.
EFFECT OF INFLATION
We are affected by inflation as it has an impact on operating cost, staff costs etc. In line with changing inflation
rates, we rework our margins so as to absorb the inflationary impact.
INFORMATION REQUIRED AS PER ITEM (11) (II) (C) (iv) OF PART A OF SCHEDULE VI TO THE
SEBI REGULATIONS, 2018:
1.   Unusual or infrequent events or transactions
     Except as described in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there have been no other events or transactions to
     the best of our knowledge which may be described as “unusual” or “infrequent”.



                                                        244
2.   Significant economic changes that materially affected or are likely to affect income from continuing
     operations.
     Our business has been subject to economic changes, and we expect it to continue to be subject to significant
     economic changes arising from the trends identified above in ‘Factors Affecting our Results of Operations’
     and the uncertainties described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page no. 26 of the
     Prospectus. To our knowledge, except as we have described in the Prospectus, there are no known factors
     which we expect to bring about significant economic changes.
3.   Known trends or uncertainties that have had or are expected to have a material adverse impact on
     sales, revenue or income from continuing operations.
     Apart from the risks as disclosed under the Section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page no. 26 in this
     Draft Red Herring Prospectus, in our opinion, there are no other known trends or uncertainties that have had
     or are expected to have a material adverse impact on revenue or income from continuing operations.
4.   Future changes in the relationship between costs and revenues, in case of events such as a future
     increase in labour or material costs or prices that will cause a material change, are known.
     Our Company’s future costs and revenues will be determined by the demand/supply situation, government
     policies and other economic factor.
5.   Extent to which material increases in net sales or revenue are due to increased sales volume,
     introduction of new products, or increased sales prices.
     Other than as disclosed in this section and in “Business Overview” on page no. 164. We have not announced
     and do not expect to announce in the near future any new business segments.
6.   Segment Reporting.
     Our business activity primarily falls within a single business and geographical segment, other than as
     disclosed in “Restated Financial Statement” on page no. 231 we do not follow any other segment reporting.
7.   Status of any publicly announced new products or business segments.
     Except as disclosed in the Chapter “Business Overview”, on page no. 164, our Company has not announced
     any new product or service.
8.   Any significant dependence on a single or few suppliers or customers.

 Particulars              Top Customers as a percentage (%) of Revenue from Operations
                          FY 2026-25               FY 2024-25                FY 2023-24
 Top 1                    36.02%                       49.54%                         43.02%
 Top 3                    56.33%                       75.08%                         71.30%
 Top 5                    65.61%                       81.39%                         77.10%
 Top 10                   81.24%                       86.97%                         84.19%

 Particulars               Top Suppliers as a percentage (%) of Purchase
                           FY 2026-25                FY 2024-25                        FY 2023-24
 Top 1                     62.13%                    65.39%                            63.14%
 Top 3                     75.98%                    83.41%                            79.87%
 Top 5                     84.06%                    89.50%                            88.11%
 Top 10                    94.30%                    94.84%                            97.32%

Competitive conditions:

We face competition from existing and potential competitors which is common for any business. We have, over
a period, developed certain competitors who have been discussed in section titles “Business Overview” beginning
on 164.


                           (The remainder of this page is intentionally kept left blank)

                                                       245
                           SECTION VI – LEGAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
                   OUTSTANDING LITIGATIONS AND MATERIAL DEVELOPMENT
Except as stated in this section, there are no outstanding (i) criminal proceedings; (ii) actions taken by statutory
and regulatory authorities; (iii) tax proceedings - claims related to direct and indirect taxes in a consolidated
manner; and (iv) material civil litigation or arbitration proceeding which are determined to be ‘material’ as per
a policy adopted by our Board (“Materiality Policy”), in each case involving our Company, Promoters or
Directors (collectively, the “Relevant Parties”). Further, there are no disciplinary actions including penalty
imposed by the SEBI or stock exchanges against our Promoters in the last five Financial Years including any
outstanding action.
Except as stated in this section, there are no: (i) criminal proceedings and (ii) actions by statutory or regulatory
authorities, involving our Key Managerial Personnel’s (“KMP’s”).
For the purpose of (iv) above, Our Board, in its meeting held on May 07, 2026 determined that outstanding legal
proceedings involving the Company, its Directors, Promoters and Group Company will be considered as material
litigation (“Material Litigation”) based on lower of the threshold criteria mentioned below:
       (a) two percent of turnover, as per the latest annual restated financial statements of the issuer being ₹
           86.13 Lakhs; or
       (b) two percent of net worth, as per the latest annual restated financial statements of the issuer, except in
           case the arithmetic value of the net worth is negative being ₹ 32.75 Lakhs; or
       (c) five percent of the average of absolute value of profit or loss after tax, as per the last three annual
           restated financial statements of the issuer being ₹ 16.75 Lakhs.
It is clarified that for the purposes of the above, pre-litigation notices received/ sent by the Relevant Parties from
third parties (excluding those notices issued by statutory/regulatory/tax authorities or notices threatening
criminal action) shall, unless otherwise decided by our Board, have not and shall not, be considered as material
litigation until such time that the Relevant Parties, as the case may be, are impleaded as a party in proceedings
before any judicial / arbitral forum.
The Company has adopted the policy in the meeting of Board of Directors held on May 07, 2026 for identification
of Material Outstanding Dues to Creditors in terms of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as amended for
creditors where outstanding due to any one of them exceeds 5% of the total trade payables as per the latest
restated financial statements of the Company shall be considered material dues for the company for the purpose
of disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. (“Material Dues / Creditors”).
For outstanding dues to MSMEs and other creditors, the disclosure will be based on the information available
with the Company regarding the status of the creditors as MSME as defined under Section 2 read with Section 7
of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, as amended, as has been relied upon by the
statutory auditors in preparing their audit report.
All terms defined in a particular litigation disclosure pertain to that litigation only. Unless stated to the contrary,
the information provided below is as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
1.   LITIGATIONS INVOLVING OUR COMPANY

Outstanding Litigations against our Company
a.   Criminal Proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding criminal litigations initiated against
our Company.
b. Actions by regulatory/Statutory Authorities
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding actions initiated by Statutory or
Regulatory Authorities against our Company.
c.   Other material pending proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no other material proceedings initiated or pending
against our Company.



                                                         246
Outstanding Litigation by the Company
a.   Criminal Proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding criminal litigations initiated by our
Company.
b. Other material pending proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no other material proceedings initiated by our
Company.
2.   LITIGATIONS INVOLVING OUR PROMOTERS

Outstanding Litigations against our Promoters
a.   Criminal Proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding criminal litigations initiated against
our Promoters.
b. Actions by regulatory/Statutory Authorities
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding actions initiated by Statutory or
Regulatory Authorities against our Promoters.
c.   Other material pending proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no other material proceedings initiated or pending
against our Promoters.
Outstanding Litigation by our Promoters
a.   Criminal Proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding criminal litigations initiated by our
Promoters.
b. Other material pending proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no other material proceedings initiated by our
Promoters.
3.   LITIGATIONS INVOLVING OUR DIRECTORS

Outstanding Litigations against our Directors
a.   Criminal Proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding criminal litigations initiated against
our Directors.
b. Actions by regulatory/Statutory Authorities
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding actions initiated by Statutory or
Regulatory Authorities against our Directors.
c.   Other material pending proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no other material proceedings initiated or pending
against our Directors.
Outstanding Litigation by the Directors
a.   Criminal Proceedings



                                                        247
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding criminal litigations initiated by our
Directors.
b. Other material pending proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no other material proceedings initiated by our
Directors.
4.   LITIGATIONS INVOLVING OUR KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

Outstanding Litigations against our Key Managerial Personnel
a.   Criminal Proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding criminal litigations initiated against
our Key Managerial Personnel.
b. Actions by regulatory/Statutory Authorities
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding actions initiated by Statutory or
Regulatory Authorities against our Key Managerial personnel.
Outstanding Litigation by the Key Managerial Personnel
a.   Criminal Proceedings
As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding criminal litigations initiated by our
Key Managerial Personnel.
5. TAX CLAIMS
Except as disclosed below, there are no proceedings related to direct and indirect taxes involving our Company,
Promoters and Directors (other than promoters):

 Nature of Case                         Number of cases                       Total amount involved (₹ in Lakhs)
 Our Company
 Direct Tax                             01                                    27.26*
 Indirect Tax                           Nil                                   Nil
 Our Promoters
 Direct Tax                             Nil                                   Nil
 Indirect Tax                           Nil                                   Nil
 Our Directors (other than Promoters)
 Direct Tax                             Nil                                   Nil
 Indirect Tax                           Nil                                   Nil
 Our KMP
 Direct Tax                             Nil                                   Nil
 Indirect Tax                           Nil                                   Nil
 Total                                  01                                    27.26
*Our Company received a communication via e-mail dated December 23, 2025 from the Income Tax Department
under Section 143(1)(a) of the Income tax Act, 1961, stating that the deduction claimed in the return of income
for AY 2025–26 under Section 80 IAC of the Income tax Act, 1961 was proposed to be disallowed on the ground
that Form 10CCB had not been filed within the prescribed due date. In response to the said communication, our
Company submitted its reply on December 24, 2025, clarifying that Form 10CCB had been duly obtained prior
to filing the return of income and that the non-uploading of the form on the income-tax portal was due to an
inadvertent technical lapse. Our Company further submitted that the Form was subsequently uploaded on
December 16, 2025, and the same was accepted on December 19, 2025, prior to the processing of the return.
Accordingly, it was submitted that the delay was merely procedural in nature and that all substantive conditions

                                                          248
for claiming the deduction under Section 80-IAC had been duly satisfied. However, the response submitted by our
Company was not accepted by the Department, and an intimation order dated March 06, 2026 was issued under
Section 143(1) of the Income tax Act, 1961, raising a demand of ₹27.26 Lakhs. Aggrieved by the said intimation,
our Company filed an appeal on March 24, 2026 before the appellate authority. Subsequently, our Company
received a deficiency letter dated April 16, 2026 from the appellate authority in relation to the aforesaid appeal,
highlighting certain deficiencies in the appeal filing. In response thereto, the Company submitted its reply dated
April 17, 2026 addressing the deficiencies raised by the authority.The said appeal is presently pending with the
appellate authority.

6.   OUTSTANDING DUES TO CREDITORS

As per the latest Restated Financial Statements, our total trade payables as on March 31, 2026 was ₹69.93 Lakhs
and accordingly, creditors to whom outstanding dues exceed ₹3.49 Lakhs have been considered as ‘material’
creditors for the purposes of disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. This materiality threshold has been
approved by our Board of Directors pursuant to the resolution passed on May 07, 2026. As on March 31, 2026,
there are creditors to each of whom our Company owes amounts exceeding 5% of our Company’s total trade
payables.
Based on this criteria, details of outstanding dues owed as on March 31, 2026 by our Company on consolidated
basis are set out below:

 Types of creditors                               Number of creditors              Amount involved (₹ in Lakhs)
 Micro, small and medium enterprises              11                               6.43
 Material Creditors                               5                                57.72
 Other Creditors                                  11                               5.78
 Total                                            27                               69.93
 Note: As certified by J Singh & Associates with FRN: 110266W, Statutory Auditor of our Company, by way of their certificate
dated May 11, 2026.
7.   MATERIAL DEVELOPMENT SINCE LAST BALANCE SHEET DATE:

There have not arisen, since the date of the last financial statements disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus,
any circumstances which materially and adversely affect or are likely to affect our profitability taken as a whole
or the value of our assets or our ability to pay our liabilities within the next 12 months. For further details, please
refer to the chapter titled “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of
Operations” beginning on page 236 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.




                           (The remainder of the page have been kept intentionally blank)




                                                           249
                                    GOVERNMENT AND OTHER APPROVALS
Our business requires various approvals issued by relevant central and state authorities under various rules and
regulations. Set out below is an indicative list of consents, licenses, registrations, permissions, and approvals
obtained by our Company which are considered material and necessary for the purposes of undertaking their
respective businesses and operations (“Material Approvals”). Some of these may expire in the ordinary course
of business, the applications for renewal of which are submitted in accordance with applicable procedures and
requirements.

Unless otherwise stated, these Material Approvals are valid as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Except as disclosed in this section, no further Material Approvals are required for carrying on the present
business operations of our Company. For further details in connection with the regulatory and legal framework
within which we operate, please refer to the chapter titled “Key Industry Regulations” beginning on page 192
of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For details of risk associated with not obtaining or delay in obtaining the
requisite approvals, please refer to the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 26 of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus.

I.          MATERIAL APPROVALS IN RELATION TO THE ISSUE

Our Company has obtained the following material approvals in relation to the Issue:

Corporate Approvals

1.    The Board of Directors has, pursuant to a resolution passed at its meeting held on March 06, 2026, authorised
      the Issue, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company under Section 62(1)(c) of the
      Companies Act, 2013 and approvals by such other authorities, as may be necessary.

2.    The Shareholders of the Company have, pursuant to a special resolution passed in the shareholders meeting
      held on March 09, 2026, authorised the Issue under Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, subject to
      approvals by such other authorities, as may be necessary.

Approvals from Stock Exchange

3.    Our Company has received in- principle listing approval from the BSE SME dated [●] for listing of Equity
      Shares issued pursuant to the issue.

Agreements with NSDL and CDSL:

4.    The Company has entered into a tripartite agreement dated January 20, 2026 with the Central Depository
      Services (India) Limited (CDSL) and the Registrar and Transfer Agent, who in this case is Kfin Technologies
      Limited, for the dematerialization of its shares.

5.    The Company has entered into an agreement dated January 20, 2026, with National Securities Depository
      Limited (NSDL) and the Registrar and Transfer Agent, who in this case is Kfin Technologies Limited, for
      the dematerialization of its shares.

6.    The Company's International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) is INE1OTR01013.

II.         MATERIAL APPROVALS IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY

A.         Material approvals in relation to incorporation

 Sr.          Description               Issuing               CIN                         Date of         Valid
 No                                     Authority                                         Issue           up to
      1.      Certificate         of    Registrar    of      U24110TG2022PTC163732        June      16,   Perpetual
              Incorporation in the      Companies,                                        2022
              name of “Himalaya         Central
              Nutravedics      India    Registration
              Private Limited”          Centre


                                                             250
Sr.          Description                Issuing             CIN                           Date of      Valid
No                                      Authority                                         Issue        up to
     2.      Certificate         of     Registrar  of      U24110TG2022PLC163732          December     Perpetual
             Incorporation      for     Companies,                                        12, 2025
             conversion       from      Central
             Private to Public          Processing
             company in the name        Centre
             of          “Himalaya
             Nutravedics     India
             Limited”.

B.        Material approvals in relation to the business of our Company

Sr.           Nature of Registration/    Registration/       License/   Issuing        Date of        Valid    up
No.           Recognition                Certificate No.                Authority      Issue/Validi   to
                                                                                       ty from
     1.       UDYAM Registration         UDYAM-TS-02-0071608            Governme       August 25,     Valid till
              Certificate                                               nt of India,   2022           cancelled
                                                                        Ministry of
                                                                        Micro,
                                                                        Small and
                                                                        Medium
                                                                        Enterprises
     2.       Legal Entity Identifier    89450089H8J1ARZONE42           EQS            September      September
                                                                        Group AG       24, 2025       24, 2026


     3.       Importer      Exporter     AAGCH3529N                     Governme       August 08,     Valid till
              Code (IEC)                                                nt of India,   2022           cancelled
                                                                        Ministry of
                                                                        Commerce
                                                                        and
                                                                        Industry
     4.       License to work as a       100386                         Governme       June     16,   Valid till
              Factory                                                   nt        of   2022           cancelled
                                                                        Telangana

     5.       License          to        T-2129/Ayur                    Departmen      September      Valid for a
              Manufacture for the                                       t of Ayush,    25, 2025       period of 5
              sale of Ayurveda                                          Governme                      years from
              Drugs                                                     nt       of                   September
                                                                        Telangana                     25, 2025
     6.       Certificate of Good        T-2129/Ayur                    Departmen      September      Valid for a
              Manufacturing                                             t of Ayush,    25, 2025       period of 5
              Practices           to                                    Governme                      years from
              Manufacture         of                                    nt       of                   September
              Ayurveda Drugs                                            Telangana                     25, 2025
     7.       Certificate         of     M202602000015803               Governme       February 20,   February
              Verification for Legal                                    nt       of    2026           19, 2027
              Metrology                                                 Telangana
                                                                        – Office of
                                                                        the
                                                                        Controller,
                                                                        Legal
                                                                        Metrology,
                                                                        Hyderabad
     8.       Certificate        of      R202602000793485               Governme       February 20,   February
              Verification of Legal                                     nt       of    2026           19, 2027
              Metrology                                                 Telangana

                                                           251
 Sr.      Nature of Registration/      Registration/          License/    Issuing        Date of          Valid   up
 No.      Recognition                  Certificate No.                    Authority      Issue/Validi     to
                                                                                         ty from
                                                                          – Office of
                                                                          the
                                                                          Controller,
                                                                          Legal
                                                                          Metrology,
                                                                          Hyderabad
   9.     Certificate            of    DIPP204008                         Governme       May        19,   June    15,
          Recognition       as    a                                       nt of India,   2025             2032
          startup**                                                       Ministry of
                                                                          Commerce
                                                                          and
                                                                          Industry,
                                                                          Departmen
                                                                          t        for
                                                                          Promotion
                                                                          of Industry
                                                                          and
                                                                          Internal
                                                                          Trade
   10.    WHO-GMP Certificate          QCS-2025-HIPL-102713               Quality        November         November
          of Compliance (WHO-                                             Conformit      18, 2022         16, 2028
          GMP – World Health                                              y Systems
          Organisation – Good                                             (QCS)
          Manufacturing
          Practices)
   11.    License under Food           13622999000428                     Food           October 13,      October
          Safety and Standards                                            Safety and     2022             12, 2027
          Authority of India                                              Standards
          (FSSAI)                                                         Authority
                                                                          of India
   12.    ISO 22000:2018 “Food         QCS-2025-HIPL-102716               Quality        November         November
          Safety   Management                                             Conformit      18, 2022         16, 2028
          System”                                                         y Systems
                                                                          (QCS)

   13.    ISO       9001:2015          QCS-2025-HIPL-102711               Quality        November         November
          “Quality Management                                             Conformit      18, 2022         16, 2028
          System”                                                         y Systems
                                                                          (QCS)
   14.    KOSHER Certificate           QCS-2025-HIPL-102712               Quality        November         November
                                                                          Conformit      18, 2022         16, 2028
                                                                          y Systems
                                                                          (QCS)
   15.    HALAL Certificate            QCS-2025-HIPL-102714               Quality        November         November
                                                                          Conformit      18, 2022         16, 2028
                                                                          y Systems
                                                                          (QCS)

   16.    HACCP Certificate            QCS-2025-HIPL-102715               Quality        November         November
                                                                          Conformit      18, 2022         16, 2028
                                                                          y Systems
                                                                          (QCS)

**The said recognition is in the former name of our Company i.e. “Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited”.


                                                          252
C.        Approval from tax authorities

    Sr. No.     Nature              of    Registration/ License/       Issuing        Date     of      Valid
                Registration              Certificate No.              Authority      Issue/           up to
                                                                                      Validity
                                                                                      from
       1.       Permanent Account         AAGCH3529N                  Income Tax      June 16,         Valid till
                Number (PAN)                                          Department      2022             cancelled


       2.       Tax        Deduction      HYDH07839G                  Income Tax      June 16,         Valid     till
                Account     Number                                    Department      2022             cancelled
                (TAN)

       3.       GST      Registration     09AAGCH3529N1Z4             Goods and       August 24,       Valid     till
                Certificate    (Uttar                                 Services        2024             cancelled
                Pradesh)*                                             Tax
                                                                      Department
       4.       GST      Registration     36AAGCH3529N1Z7             Goods and       July    11,      Valid     till
                Certificate                                           Services        2022             cancelled
                (Telangana)                                           Tax
                                                                      Department
       5.       Profession       Tax      PT36AAGCH3529N1Z7           Commercial      February         Valid     till
                Registration                                          Taxes           12, 2026         cancelled
                Number                                                Department
       6.       Profession    Tax         PT36AAGCH3529N1Z7           Commercial      February         Valid     till
                Enrolment Number                                      Taxes           12, 2026         cancelled
                                                                      Department
       7.       Certificate       of      DIPP204008/IMB              Government      July    09,      On
                Eligible    Business                                  of     India,   2025             completion
                under Section 80-                                     Ministry of                      of the ten
                IAC of the Income                                     Commerce                         years from
                Tax Act, 1961                                         and                              the date of its
                                                                      Industry,                        incorporation
                                                                      Department                       or at the end
                                                                      for                              of financial
                                                                      Promotion                        year in which
                                                                      of Industry                      its turnover
                                                                      and Internal                     exceeds
                                                                      Trade                            Rupees 100
                                                                                                       Crores.
*
Our Company has entered into a Depot-in-Charge Agreement dated July 20, 2024, with M/s N.M. Distributors for the
management and operation of its depot in the State of Uttar Pradesh.

D.        Labour and commercial approvals of our Company

    Sr.         Nature of      Registration/ License/ Certificate   Issuing           Date of Issue/     Valid up
    No.         Registratio    No.                                  Authority         Validity           to
                n                                                                     from
       1.       Registration   APHYD2685205000                      Employee          June       16,     Valid till
                under                                               Provident         2022               cancelled
                Employees’                                          Fund
                Provident                                           Organisation
                Funds and
                Miscellaneo
                us
                Provisions
                Act, 1952*


                                                         253
 Sr.         Nature of       Registration/ License/ Certificate        Issuing           Date of Issue/    Valid up
 No.         Registratio     No.                                       Authority         Validity          to
             n                                                                           from
       2.    Registration     52001113010000999                        Employee          June       16,    Valid till
             under                                                     State             2022              cancelled
             Employees’                                                Insurance
             State                                                     Corporation,
             Insurance                                                 Hyderabad
             Corporation
             (ESIC)
       3.    Shops and       SEA/MED/ALO/MA/1263073/20                 Labour            February 21,      Valid till
             Establishme     26                                        Department,       2026              cancelled
             nt                                                        Government
             Certificate                                               of Telangana
*The said certification is in the name of “Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited” and reflect the Company’s previous
registered address, i.e., Plot No. 43/42 (Part), RBI Colony, Mohan Nagar, Hyderabad-500035, Telangana. The Company is
in the process of getting the name changed from “Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited” to “Himalaya Nutravedics
India Limited” and updating its registered office address from Plot No. 43/42 (Part), RBI Colony, Mohan Nagar, Hyderabad-
500035, Telangana to Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park, Cherlapally, Hindustan Cables Ltd., Uppal,
Hyderabad-500051, Telangana.

E.     Environment related approvals of our Company

 Sr. No.      Nature of Registration         Registration/              Issuing            Date     of     Valid up to
                                             License/ Certificate       Authority          Issue/
                                             /Order No.                                    Validity
                                                                                           from
       1.     Consent for Establishment      514/CHPL/PCB/RO-           Telangana          February        Valid for a
                                             MDC/TG-                    Pollution          10, 2026        period of 5
                                             iPASS/CFE/2026-            Control Board,                     years from
                                             2517                       Regional                           February
                                                                        Office,                            10, 2026
                                                                        Medchal
       2.     Consent for Operate            514/CHPL/PCB/RO-           Telangana          March 05,       January 31,
                                             MDC/CFO/TG-                Pollution          2026            2031
                                             Ipass/2026-2607            Control Board,
                                                                        Regional
                                                                        Office,
                                                                        Medchal

F.     The details of domain name registered in the name of our company

 Sr. No.     Domain Name                           Name of Registrar/          Creation Date       Expiry Date
                                                   IANA ID
       1.    www.himalayanutravedics.com           Registrar:                  July 14, 2022       July 14, 2026
                                                   GoDaddy.com, LLC
                                                   IANA ID: 146

III.        MATERIAL APPROVALS APPLIED FOR BUT NOT RECEIVED

 Sr. No.     Nature of registration                             Applicable Laws                   Issuing Authority
                                                          NIL

IV.         MATERIAL APPROVALS EXPIRED AND RENEWAL TO BE APPLIED FOR


 Sr. No.     Nature of registration                             Applicable Laws                   Issuing Authority
                                                          NIL

V.          MATERIAL APPROVALS REQUIRED BUT NOT OBTAINED OR APPLIED FOR


                                                          254
 Sr. No.     Nature of registration                          Applicable Laws                  Issuing Authority
                                                       NIL

VI.         INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

     Sr.     Logo/ Description    Wordmark                     Class    Date of         Application    Status
     No.                                                                Application     Number
                                  Himalaya Nutravedics-        5        October 08,     5640519        Opposed*
                                  SUPPLEMENTS THAT                      2022
                                  HEAL
       1.



                                  Himalaya Nutravedics         5        October 08,     5640476        Opposed#
       2.             -
                                                                        2022
 *An opposition has been filed against our trademark on November 14, 2024, and we have duly submitted our counter-
 statement on February 05, 2024; however, the opposition proceedings are currently pending.
 #
   An opposition has been filed against our trademark on September 03, 2024, and we have duly submitted our counter-
 statement on November 29, 2024; however, the opposition proceedings are currently pending.

Assignment application pending with the Trademark Registry

a)     Pursuant to a Trademark Assignment Deed dated February 06, 2026, our Company has filed an application
       with the Trademarks Registry for the recordal of the assignment of the below trademark no(s). 3839703,
       3839706 and 3839710, currently registered in the name of M/s Ameya Pharmaceuticals:
     Sr.     Logo/ Description    Wordmark                     Class    Date of         Application    Status of
     No.                                                                Application     Number         recordal
                                  CranAll                      5        May     22,     3839703        Pending
                                                                        2018
       1.

                                  FOSGATE                      5        May       22,   3839706        Pending
       2.                                                               2018

                                  TAMSURAL-D                   5        May       22,   3839710        Pending
                                                                        2018
       3.


b) Pursuant to a Trademark Assignment Deed dated February 06, 2026, our Company has filed an application
   with the Trademarks Registry for the recordal of the assignment of the below trademark no.5623859,
   currently registered in the name of Mr. Kakarlapudi Krishna Kiran:
     Sr.     Logo/ Description    Wordmark                     Class    Date of         Application    Status of
     No.                                                                Application     Number         recordal
                                  RITEVEDA                     5        September       5623859        Pending
       1.             -
                                                                        09, 2022

For risks associated with our intellectual property please see, “Risk Factors” on page 26 of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus.




                                                       255
                                            GROUP COMPANIES

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the applicable accounting standards, for the purpose of
identification of ‘Group Companies’, our Company has considered:

   i.    such companies (other than a subsidiary) with which they are related party transactions during the period
         for which Restated Financial Statements has been disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, as
         covered under the applicable accounting standards; and
  ii.    such other companies as considered material by the Board, pursuant to the Materiality Policy.

Accordingly, all such companies (other than a subsidiary) with which there were related party transactions during
the periods covered in the Restated Financial Statements, as covered under the applicable accounting standards,
shall be considered as Group Companies in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

Based on the parameters outlined above, our Company does not have any Group Companies as on the date of this
Draft Red Herring Prospectus.




                        (The remainder of this page have been intentionally kept blank)




                                                       256
                       OTHER REGULATORY AND STATUTORY DISCLOSURES

AUTHORITY FOR THE ISSUE AND DETAILS OF RESOLUTION PASSED FOR THE ISSUE

Corporate Approvals

The Board of Directors has, pursuant to a resolution passed at its meeting held on March 06, 2026 authorized the
Issue, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company under Section 62(1)(c) and all other applicable
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The shareholders of Himalaya Nutravedics India Limited, the Company
have, pursuant to a special resolution passed in Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on March 09, 2026
authorized the Issue under Section 62(1)(c) and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. This
Draft Red Herring Prospectus along with the Draft Abridged Prospectus has been approved by our Board pursuant
to its resolution passed in the meeting held on May 15, 2026.

PROHIBITION BY SEBI, RBI OR OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES

Our Company, our Promoters, member of Promoter Group and Directors, , have not been prohibited from
accessing the capital market or debarred from buying, selling, or dealing in securities under any order or direction
passed by SEBI, any securities market regulator in any other jurisdiction, or any other governmental
authority/court, nor have they been identified as Wilful Defaulters or Fraudulent Borrowers by the RBI or any
other authority.

None of the companies with which our Promoters and Directors are or were associated as promoter or director
have been debarred from accessing the capital markets under any order or directions passed by SEBI or any other
suthorities.

Our Company or our Promoters, members of the Promoter Group or Directors are not declared as
‘Fraudulent Borrowers’ by the lending banks or financial institution or consortium, in terms of RBI master
circular dated July 1, 2016.

CONFIRMATION UNDER COMPANIES (SIGNIFICANT BENEFICIAL OWNERS) RULES, 2018

Under the SBO Rules certain persons who are ‘significant beneficial owners’, are required to intimate their
beneficial holdings to our Company in Form no. BEN-1. As on date of Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are
no such significant beneficial owners in our Company.

DIRECTORS ASSOCIATED WITH THE SECURITIES MARKET IN ANY MANNER. IF YES, ANY
OUTSTANDING ACTION AGAINST THEM INITIATED BY THE BOARD IN THE PAST 5 YEARS

None of our Directors are, in any manner, associated with the securities market and there has been no action
taken by the SEBI against the Directors or any other entity with which our directors are associated as promoters
or directors in the past 5 years.

ELIGIBILITY FOR THE ISSUE

Our Company is eligible in terms of Regulations 230 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations for this issue.

Our Company is an “Unlisted Issuer” in terms of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations; and this issue is an Initial Public
Issue in terms of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.

Our Company is eligible for the Issue in accordance with Regulation 229(1) and other provisions of Chapter IX
of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations 2018, as we are an Issuer whose post Issue paid-up capital is less than or equal
to ten crore and can Issue Equity Shares to the public and propose to list the same on the SME Platform of BSE
Limited.

We confirm that:

 1.   In accordance with Regulation 260 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, this issue will be 100% underwritten
      and that the Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue shall underwrite minimum 15% of the Total Issue


                                                        257
     Size. For further details pertaining to said underwriting please refer to chapter titled “General Information”
     beginning on page 67 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

2.   In accordance with Regulation 268 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, we shall ensure that the total number
     of proposed allottees in the Issue shall be greater than or Equal to two hundred (200), otherwise, the entire
     application money will be unblocked forthwith. If such money is not repaid within Four (4) Working Days
     from the date our Company becomes liable to repay it, then our Company and every officer in default shall,
     on and from expiry of Four (4) Working Days, be liable to repay such application money, with an interest
     at the rate as prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.

3.   In terms of Regulation 246(5) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, we shall ensure that our Book Running Lead
     Manager submits a copy of the Prospectus along with a Due Diligence Certificate including additional
     confirmations as required to SEBI at the time of filing the Prospectus with Stock Exchange and the Registrar
     of Companies. Further, in terms of Regulation 246(2), SEBI shall not issue observation on the Prospectus.

4.   In accordance with Regulation 261(1) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, we hereby confirm that we will
     enter into an agreement with the Book Running Lead Manager and with Market Maker to ensure compulsory
     Market Making for a minimum period of three (3) years from the date of listing of Equity Shares on the
     SME Platform of BSE. For further details of the arrangement of market making please refer to chapter titled
     “General Information” beginning on page 67 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

5.   In accordance with Regulation 228(a) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, our Company, its Promoters,
     Promoter Group or directors are not debarred from accessing the capital markets by SEBI.

6.   In accordance with Regulation 228(b) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the companies with which our
     Promoters or Directors are associated as a promoter or director are not debarred from accessing the capital
     markets by SEBI.

7.   In accordance with Regulation 228(c) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, Neither the issuer nor any of its
     Promoter or Directors is a Wilful Defaulter or a Fraudulent Borrower.

8.   In accordance with Regulation 228(d) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, None of the Issuer’s Promoter or
     Directors is a Fugitive Economic Offender.

9.   In accordance with Regulation 229(4) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, our Company has not been
     converted from proprietorship/partnership firm or a limited liability partnership in the last financial year.

10. In accordance with Regulation 229(5) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, there has been no change of
    promoter of our Company or there are no new promoters who have acquired more than fifty percent of the
    shareholding of our Company in past one years preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

11. In accordance with Regulation 230(1)(a) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, Application is being made to
    SME Platform of BSE and BSE is the Designated Stock Exchange.

12. In accordance with Regulation 230(1)(b) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, our Company has entered into
    agreement with depositories for dematerialization of specified securities already issued and proposed to be
    issued.

13. In accordance with Regulation 230(1)(c) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, all the present Equity share
    Capital is fully Paid-up.

14. In accordance with Regulation 230(1)(d) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, all the specified securities held
    by the promoter is already in dematerialized form.

15. In accordance with Regulation 230(1)(h) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the object of the issue should not
    consist of repayment of loan taken from promoter, promoter group or any related party, from the issue
    proceeds, directly or indirectly.




                                                       258
We further confirm that we shall be complying with all the other requirements as laid down for such an Issue
under Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time and subsequent circulars and
guidelines issued by SEBI and the Stock Exchange.

1.   Our Company has facilitated trading in demat securities and has entered into an agreement with both the
     depositories. Our Company has entered into an agreement with Central Depositary Services Limited (CDSL)
     dated January 20, 2026 and National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) dated January 20, 2026 for
     dematerialization of its Equity Shares already issued and proposed to be issued.

2.   In accordance with Regulation 245(1) and (2) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, 2018 read along with SEBI
     ICDR Regulations, the Offer documents shall contain the following:

3.   All material disclosures which are true and adequate so as to enable the applicants to take an informed
     investment decision;

4.   Disclosures specified in the Companies Act, 2013;

5.   Disclosures specified in Part A of Schedule VI;

6.   Details pertaining to Employees’ Provident Fund and Employee State Insurance Corporation;

7.   Fees of Book Running Lead Manager

8.   In accordance with Regulation 246 of the SEBI ICDR Regulation, 2018 read along with SEBI ICDR
     Regulations the Book Running Lead Manager shall ensure that the issuer shall file copy of the Prospectus
     with SEBI along with relevant documents as required at the time of filing the Prospectus to SEBI.

9.   In accordance with Regulation 268 of the SEBI ICDR Regulation, read along with SEBI ICDR (Regulations)
     2018, we shall ensure that the total number of proposed allottees in the Issue is greater than or equal to two
     hundred (200), otherwise, the entire application money will be unblocked forthwith. If such money is not
     unblocked within four (4) days from the date our Company becomes liable to unblock it, then our Company
     and every officer in default shall, on and from expiry of fourth day, be liable to unblock such application
     money with interest as prescribed under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, and amendments thereto, the
     Companies Act 2013 and applicable laws.

10. Our Company has a website i.e. www.himalayanutravedics.com

11. The Equity Shares of our Company held by our Promoters are in dematerialized form; and

12. All the Equity Shares are fully paid-up and there are no partly paid-up Equity Shares as on the date of filing
    of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

13. Based on the Restated Financial Statements as on March 31, 2026, the Company’s net tangible assets was
    more than ₹3 Crores in the last preceding (full) financial year. and the working is given below:
                                                                                                     (In ₹ Lakhs)
 Particulars                                          March 31, 2026
 Net Assets                                           1,638.09
 Less: Intangible Assets, and Preliminary 7.43
 Expenses
 Net Tangible Assets                                  1630.66

14. Based on the Restated Financial Statements, Company’s net worth for the 3 preceding financial years
    preceding the application date is given below and it has Net worth of atleast ₹1 Crore for 2 preceding full
    financial years:
                                                                                                   (₹ in Lakhs)
 Particulars                                                          March 31, March 31, March 31,
                                                                         2026          2025           2024
 Paid-Up Share Capital                                                        630.67        400.00         83.00


                                                       259
    Particulars                                                           March 31,     March 31,      March 31,
                                                                           2026          2025           2024
    Reserves created out of the profits and securities premium account
                                                                             1007.41          275.71         52.54
    and debit or credit balance of profit and loss account
    The aggregate value of the accumulated losses, deferred expenditure
    and miscellaneous expenditure not written off, as per the audited
                                                                                 0.48           0.96          1.44
    balance sheet, but does not include reserves created out of
    revaluation of assets, write-back of depreciation and amalgamation
    Net Worth                                                                1637.61          674.75       134.09

15. The Company confirms that it has operating profit (earnings before interest, depreciation and tax) from
    operations for atleast 2 out of 3 previous financial years preceding the application date as per the Restated
    Financial Statements.
                                                                                                        (₹ in Lakhs)
 Particulars                                  March 31 2026*          March 31, 2025*         March 31, 2024*

    Net Profit before Tax                                 748.13                   224.83                    59.46
    Add: Finance Cost                                      34.95                    31.89                    18.37
    Add: Depreciation and Amortisation
                                                              32.54                 42.34                    16.04
    Expenses
    Less: Other Income                                         5.28                  0.04                     0.32
    Operating Profit (EBITDA)                             810.34                   299.01                    93.54
*
Rounded off to the closest decimal.

16. The Leverage ratio (Total Debts to Equity) of the Company as on March 31, 2026 is 0.31 which is less than
    the limit of 3. The working is given below:

    Particulars                                                                             March 31, 2026
    Long Term Borrowing (including current maturities) (₹ in Lakhs) (A)                         54.02
    Short Term Borrowing (₹ in Lakhs) (B)                                                      459.17
    Total Debt (₹ in Lakhs) (C)                                                                513.19
    Net Worth (₹ in Lakhs) (D)                                                                1,637.61
    Debt-Equity Ratio (A/B)                                                                      0.31

17. The Company confirms that no regulatory action of suspension of trading against the promoter(s) or
    companies promoted by the promoters by any stock Exchange having nationwide trading terminals.

18. The Company further confirms that the Promoters or directors are not the promoters or directors (other than
    independent directors) of compulsory delisted companies by the Exchange and neither are they the promoters
    or directors of such companies on which the consequence of compulsory delisting is applicable/attracted or
    companies that are suspended from trading on account of noncompliance.

19. Our Company confirms that the directors are not disqualified/ debarred by any of the Regulatory Authority.

20. Our company confirms that there are no pending default in respect of payment of interest and/or principal to
    the debenture/ bond/ fixed deposit holders by the applicant company, promoters/ promoting company(ies),
    Subsidiary Companies.

21. Our company confirms that there are no pending default in respect of payment of interest and/or principal to
    the debenture/ bond/ fixed deposit holders by the applicant company, promoters/ promoting company(ies),
    Subsidiary Companies.

22. Except for the conversion of the Company from a private limited company to a public limited company,
    which resulted in the change of its name from Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited to Himalaya
    Nutravedics India Limited, there has been no change in the name of the Company during the preceding one
    year.



                                                        260
23. In terms of Regulation 229(5) of SEBI ICDR Regulations, there has been no change in the promoters of the
    company in preceding one year from date of filing the application to BSE for listing under SME segment.

24. The composition of the board is in compliance with the requirements of Companies Act, 2013 at the time of
    in-principle approval.

25. The Net worth of our company as mentioned above is computed as per the definition given in SEBI ICDR
    Regulations.

26. Our Company has not been referred to NCLT under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.

27. There is no winding up petition against the company, which has been admitted by a Court of competent
    jurisdiction or a liquidator has not been appointed.

28. The Company has not been referred to the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) or no
    proceedings have been admitted under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code against the issuer and Promoting
    companies.

We further confirm that we comply with all the above requirements/ conditions so as to be eligible to be listed on
the SME Platform of BSE.

COMPLIANCE WITH PART A OF SCHEDULE VI OF THE SEBI ICDR REGULATIONS

Our Company is in compliance with the provisions specified in Part A of Schedule VI of the SEBI ICDR
Regulations.

DISCLAIMER CLAUSE OF SEBI

IT IS TO BE DISTINCTLY UNDERSTOOD THAT SUBMISSION OF DRAFT OFFER DOCUMENT/
OFFER DOCUMENT TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SEBI) SHOULD
NOT IN ANY WAY BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED THAT THE SAME HAS BEEN CLEARED OR
APPROVED BY SEBI. SEBI DOES NOT TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY EITHER FOR THE
FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS OF ANY SCHEME OR THE PROJECT FOR WHICH THE ISSUE IS
PROPOSED TO BE MADE OR FOR THE CORRECTNESS OF THE STATEMENTS MADE OR
OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THE DRAFT OFFER DOCUMENT/ OFFER DOCUMENT. THE BOOK
RUNNING LEAD MANAGER, NIRBHAY CAPITAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED HAS
CERTIFIED THAT THE DISCLOSURES MADE IN THE DRAFT OFFER DOCUMENT/ OFFER
DOCUMENT ARE GENERALLY ADEQUATE AND ARE IN CONFORMITY WITH THE SEBI (ISSUE
OF CAPITAL AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2018 IN FORCE FOR THE
TIME BEING. THIS REQUIREMENT IS TO FACILITATE INVESTORS TO TAKE AN INFORMED
DECISION FOR MAKING INVESTMENT IN THE PROPOSED ISSUE.

IT SHOULD ALSO BE CLEARLY UNDERSTOOD THAT WHILE THE ISSUER IS PRIMARILY
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CORRECTNESS, ADEQUACY AND DISCLOSURE OF ALL RELEVANT
INFORMATION IN THE DRAFT OFFER DOCUMENT/ OFFER DOCUMENT, THE BOOK RUNNING
LEAD MANAGER, NIRBHAY CAPITAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED IS EXPECTED TO
EXERCISE DUE DILIGENCE TO ENSURE THAT THE ISSUER DISCHARGES ITS
RESPONSIBILITY ADEQUATELY IN THIS BEHALF AND TOWARDS THIS PURPOSE, THE BOOK
RUNNING LEAD MANAGER, HAS FURNISHED TO SEBI A DUE DILIGENCE CERTIFICATE
DATED MAY 15, 2026. IN THE FORMAT PRESCRIBED UNDER SCHEDULE V(A) AS PER OF THE
SEBI (ISSUE OF CAPITAL AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2018.

THE FILING OF THIS DRAFT RED HERRING PROSPECTUS DOES NOT, HOWEVER, ABSOLVE
OUR COMPANY FROM ANY LIABILITIES UNDER THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 OR FROM THE
REQUIREMENT OF OBTAINING SUCH STATUTORY AND/ OR OTHER CLEARANCES AS MAY
BE REQUIRED FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE PROPOSED ISSUE. SEBI FURTHER RESERVES THE
RIGHT TO TAKE UP AT ANY POINT OF TIME, WITH THE BOOK RUNNING LEAD MANAGER
ANY IRREGULARITIES OR LAPSES IN THE DRAFT OFFER DOCUMENT/ OFFER DOCUMENT.
DISCLAIMER FROM THE COMPANY, PROMOTERS, DIRECTORS AND THE BOOK RUNNING
LEAD MANAGER

                                                       261
Our Company, Promoters, Directors and the Book Running Lead Manager accept no responsibility for statements
made otherwise than those contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus or, in case of the Company, in the
advertisements or any other material issued by or at the instance of the Company and anyone placing reliance on
any other source of information would be doing so at their own risk.

The Book Running Lead Manager accept no responsibility, save to the limited extent as provided in the Issue
Agreement entered between the Book Running Lead Manager, and our Company on March 24, 2026 and the
Underwriting Agreement dated [●] entered into between the Underwriter, and our Company and the Market
Making Agreement dated [●] entered into among the Market Maker and our Company.

All information shall be made available by our Company, and the Book Running Lead Manager to the public and
investors at large and no selective or additional information would be available for a section of the investors in
any manner whatsoever including at road show presentations, in research or sales reports, at collection centers or
elsewhere.

The Book Running Lead Manager and their respective associates and affiliates may engage in transactions with,
and perform services for, our Company, our Promoter Group, Group Companies, or our affiliates or associates in
the ordinary course of business and have engaged, or may in future engage, in commercial banking and investment
banking transactions with our Company, our Promoter Group, Group Companies, and our affiliates or associates
for which they have received and may in future receive compensation.

Note:

Bidders who apply in the Issue will be required to confirm and will be deemed to have represented to our
Company, and the Underwriter and their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives that
they are eligible under all applicable laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire Equity Shares
of our Company and will not offer, sell, pledge or transfer the Equity Shares of our Company to any person who
is not eligible under applicable laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire Equity Shares of our
Company. Our Company, the Underwriter and their respective Directors, officers, agents, affiliates and
representatives accept no responsibility or liability for advising any investor on whether such investor is eligible
to acquire the Equity Shares in the issue.

DISCLAIMER IN RESPECT OF JURISDICTION

This Issue is being made in India to persons resident in India (including Indian nationals resident in India who are
majors, HUFs, companies, corporate bodies and societies registered under applicable laws in India and authorized
to invest in shares, Indian mutual funds registered with SEBI, Indian financial institutions, commercial banks,
regional rural banks, cooperative banks (subject to RBI permission), or trusts under applicable trust law and who
are authorized under their constitution to hold and invest in shares, public financial institutions as specified in
Section 2(72) of the Companies Act, 2013, VCFs, state industrial development corporations, insurance companies
registered with the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority, provident funds (subject to applicable law)
with a minimum corpus of ₹2,500.00 Lakhs and pension funds with a minimum corpus of ₹2,500.00 Lakhs, and
permitted non-residents including FIIs, Eligible NRIs, multilateral and bilateral development financial
institutions, FVCIs and eligible foreign investors, insurance funds set up and managed by army, navy or air force
of the Union of India and insurance funds set up and managed by the Department of Posts, India provided that
they are eligible under all applicable laws and regulations to hold Equity Shares of our Company. This Draft Red
Herring Prospectus does not, however, constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to subscribe for Equity Shares
offered hereby in any jurisdiction other than India to any person to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or
invitation in such jurisdiction. Any person into whose possession this Draft Red Herring Prospectus comes is
required to inform himself or herself about, and to observe, any such restrictions. Any dispute arising out of this
Issue will be subject to jurisdiction of the competent court(s) in Hyderabad, Telangana only.

No action has been, or will be, taken to permit a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required
for that purpose. Accordingly, the Equity Shares represented hereby may not be offered or sold, directly or
indirectly, and this Draft Red Herring Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction, except in accordance
with the legal requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. Neither the delivery of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus nor any sale hereunder shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no
change in the affairs of our Company from the date hereof or that the information contained herein is correct as
of any time subsequent to this date.

                                                        262
ELIGIBILITY AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS

The Equity Shares have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”) or any state securities laws in the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, “U.S. persons” (as defined in Regulations under the Securities Act),
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the
Securities Act.

Accordingly, the Equity Shares will be offered and sold (i) in the United States only to “Qualified Institutional
Buyers”, as defined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act, and (ii) outside the United States in offshore transactions
in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and in compliance with the applicable laws of the jurisdiction
where those offers and sales occur.

Accordingly, the Equity Shares are being offered and sold only outside the United States in offshore transactions
in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act and the applicable laws of the jurisdictions where those
offers and sales occur.

The Equity Shares have not been, and will not be, registered, listed or otherwise qualified in any other jurisdiction
outside India and may not be offered or sold, and applications may not be made by persons in any such jurisdiction,
except in compliance with the applicable laws of such jurisdiction. Further, each applicant, wherever requires,
agrees that such applicant will not sell or transfer any Equity Share or create any economic interest therein,
including any offshore derivative instruments, such as participatory notes, issued against the Equity Shares or any
similar security, other than pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with applicable laws and legislations in each jurisdiction,
including India.

DISCLAIMER CLAUSE OF BSE

As required, a copy of this Offer Document along with the Draft Abridged Prospectus has been submitted to BSE
Limited (hereinafter referred to as BSE). BSE has given vide its letter Ref.: [●] dated [●], permission to the Issuer
to use the Exchange’s name in this Offer Document as one of the Stock Exchanges on which this Issuer’s securities
are proposed to be listed. The Exchange has scrutinized this draft Offer document for its limited internal purpose
of deciding on the matter of granting the aforesaid permission to this Issuer. It is to be distinctly understood that
the aforesaid permission given by BSE should not in any way be deemed or construed that the Offer document
has been cleared or approved by BSE; nor does it in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or
completeness of any of the contents of this Offer document; nor does it warrant that this Issuer’s securities will
be listed or will continue to be listed on the Exchange; nor does it take any responsibility for the financial or other
soundness of this Issuer, its promoters, its management or any scheme or project of this Issuer.

Every person who desires to apply for or otherwise acquire any securities of this Issuer may do so pursuant to
independent inquiry, investigation and analysis and shall not have any claim against the Exchange whatsoever by
reason of any loss which may be suffered by such person consequent to or in connection with such subscription
/acquisition whether by reason of anything stated or omitted to be stated herein or any other reason whatsoever.

LISTING

The Equity Shares of our Company are proposed to be listed on BSE SME. Our Company has obtained in-
principle approval from BSE by way of its letter dated [●] for listing of equity shares on BSE SME.

BSE will be the Designated Stock Exchange, with which the Basis of Allotment will be finalized for the Issue. If the
permission to deal in and for an official quotation of the Equity Shares on the Emerge Platform is not granted by
BSE, our Company shall forthwith repay, all moneys received from the applicants in pursuance of the Draft Red
Herring Prospectus. If such money is not repaid within the prescribed time, then our Company becomes liable to
repay it, then our Company and every officer in default shall, shall be liable to repay such application money, with
interest, as prescribed under the applicable law.

Our Company shall ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for listing and

                                                         263
commencement of trading at the BSE SME mentioned above are taken within three (3) Working Days of the
Bid/Issue Closing Date. If Equity Shares are not Allotted pursuant to the Issue within three (3) Working Days
from the Bid/Issue Closing Date or within such timeline as prescribed by the SEBI, our Company shall repay with
interest all monies received from applicants, failing which interest shall be due to be paid to the applicants at the
rate of 15% per annum for the delayed period.

CONSENTS

Consents in writing of Our Directors, Our Promoters, Our Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, Our Statutory Auditor, Peer Review Auditor, Our Banker(s) to the Company, Book Running
Lead Manager, Registrar to the Issue, Legal Advisor to the Issue, Bankers to the Issue/ Sponsor Bank*, Syndicate
Members*, Underwriter to the Issue* and Market Maker to the Issue* to act in their respective capacities have
been be obtained as required under section 26 and 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 and shall be filed along with a
copy of the Red Herring Prospectus/ Prospectus with the RoC, as required under Sections 32 of the Companies
Act, 2013 and such consents will not be withdrawn up to the time of delivery of the Red Herring Prospectus/
Prospectus for filing with the RoC.

*The aforesaid will be appointed prior to filing of Red Herring Prospectus with RoC and their consents as above
would be obtained prior to the filing of the Red Herring Prospectus/ Prospectus with RoC.

EXPERTS TO THE ISSUE

Except for the reports mentioned in the chapters “Statement of Tax Benefits”, “Other Financial Information”,
“Statement of Financial Indebtedness”, “Industry Overview”, “Outstanding Litigations and Material
Developments” beginning on pages 122, 232, 234, 125 and 246 respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus
from the Statutory Auditor, our Company has not obtained any expert opinions. We have received written consent
from the Statutory Auditor and Independent Chartered Engineer for inclusion of their name in this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus, as required under Companies Act read with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations as “Expert”, defined
in section 2(38) of the Companies Act and such consent has not been withdrawn as on the date of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus. However, the term “expert” shall not be construed to mean an “expert” as defined under the
U.S. Securities Act, 1933.

PREVIOUS PUBLIC OR RIGHTS ISSUE, IF ANY, DURING LAST FIVE YEARS

Our Company has not undertaken any public issue or rights issue during the last five years preceding the date of
this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

PARTICULARS REGARDING CAPITAL ISSUED BY THE COMPANY AND LISTED GROUP
COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES OR ASSOCIATE ENTITY DURING THE LAST THREE YEARS

Our Company has not issued any capital during the last three years preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus.

COMMISSION AND BROKERAGE PAID ON PREVIOUS ISSUES OF THE EQUITY SHARES IN THE
LAST FIVE YEARS

Since this is the initial public offering of our Company’s Equity Shares, no sum has been paid or has been payable
as commission or brokerage for subscribing to or procuring or agreeing to procure public subscription for any of
the Equity Shares in the 5 (Five) years preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

PERFORMANCE VIS-À-VIS OBJECTS – PUBLIC / RIGHTS ISSUE OF THE COMPANY

Except as stated in the chapter titled “Capital Structure” beginning on page 80, we have not made any previous
rights and / or public issues during the last five (5) years and are an “Unlisted Issuer” in terms of SEBI ICDR
Regulations and this Issue is an “Initial Public Offer” in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the relevant data
regarding performance vis-à-vis objects is not available with the Company.

                                                        264
PRICE INFORMATION OF PAST ISSUES HANDLED BY THE BOOK RUNNING LEAD MANAGER

A. Nirbhay Capital Services Private Limited

1.     Price information on past issues handled by Nirbhay Capital Service Private Limited

 Sr.     Issue        Issue     Issue    Listing     Openin    +/-% change     +/- %           +/- %
 No      name         size (₹   Price    date        g Price   in closing      change in       change in
 .                    in        (₹)                  on        price, [+/- %   closing         closing
                      Cr.)                           listing   change in       price, [+/- %   price, [+/- %
                                                     date      closing         change in       change in
                                                               benchmark]      closing         closing
                                                               - 30th          benchmark]      benchmark]
                                                               calendar        - 90th          - 180th
                                                               days from       calendar        calendar
                                                               listing         days from       days from
                                                                               listing         listing
                                               MAINBOARD IPO
 1.      Gujarat      250.8     114.00   December 120.00   -9.30%              -10.70%         NA
         Kidney       0                  30, 2025          [-2.75%]            [-13.10%]
         and
         Super
         Speciality
         Limited
 2.      Rajputana    254.9     122.0    March 19,   122.00    2.00%           NA              NA
         Stainless    8         0        2026                  [5.78%]
         Limited
                                                 SME IPO
 1.      Aatmaj       38.40     60.00    June 30, 56.00        -21.42%         -21.17%         -27.83%
         Healthcar                       2023                  [2.38%]         [2.75%]         [11.26%]
         e Limited
         3B Films     33.75     50.00    June 06,    48.50     -46.40%         -22.48%         -48.60%
 2.
         Limited                         2025                  [1.51%]         [-1.97%]        [3.59%]
         Vandan       30.36     115.00   July 07,    125.00    -70.60%         -58.93%         -56.70%
 3.      Foods                           2025                  [-3.27%]        [-2.68%]        [2.78%]
         Limited
         Sunsky       16.84     46.00    October     51.00     65.22%          55.67%          30.46%
 4.      Logistics                       08, 2025              [1.88%]         [4.48%]         [-10.56%]
         Limited
Source: Price Information       www.bseindia.com & www.nseindia.com, Issue Information from respective
Prospectus.

2.    Summary statement of price information of past issues handled by Nirbhay Capital Services Private
      Limited

Fiscal     Tota Total     No.     of     IPOs No. of IPOs trading No. of IPOs trading No.     of    IPOs
           l no. funds    trading at discount at premium on 30th at discount on 180th trading           at
           of    raised   on 30th Calendar Calendar Day from Calendar Day from premium on 180th
           IPO (₹ in      Day from listing listing date           listing date        Calendar        Day
           s     Cr.)     date                                                        from listing date
                          Ove Betwee Les Ove Betwee Less Ove Betwee Less Ove Betwee Les
                          r     n 25-     s   r     n 25-    tha r       n 25-   tha r      n 25-    s
                          50    50%       tha 50    50%      n    50     50%     n    50    50%      tha
                          %               n   %              25 %                25   %              n
                                                             %                   %

                                                      265
                                          25                                                                  25
                                          %                                                                   %
  22-23             -       -       -      -      -       -       -      -       -       -      -       -      -
  23-24     1     38.40     -       -      1      -       -       -      -       1       -      -       -      -
  24-25     -       -       -       -      -      -       -       -      -       -       -      -       -      -
  25-26     5    586.73     1       1      1      1       -       1      1       1       -      -       1      -

Note:
a) Based on date of listing.
b) CNX NIFTY and BSE SENSEX have been considered as the benchmark index.
c) Price on NSE or BSE is considered for all of the above calculations as per the designated stock exchange
    disclosed by the respective issuer at the time of the issue, as applicable.
d) In case the 30th /90th /180th calendar day is a holiday or scrips are not traded, then data from previous
    trading day has been considered.

TRACK RECORD OF PAST ISSUES HANDLED BY BOOK RUNNIG LEAD MANAGER

The following table provides details of the track record of past issues handled by the Book Running Lead Manager:

 Sr. No.    Book Running Lead Manager                                        Website
     1.     Nirbhay Capital Services Private Limited                         https://nirbhaycapital.com/

STOCK MARKET DATA OF EQUITY SHARES

This being an Initial Public Offer of the Equity Shares of our Company, the Equity Shares are not listed on any
stock exchange and accordingly, no stock market data is available for the Equity Shares.

MECHANISM FOR REDRESSAL OF INVESTOR GRIEVANCES

 •   Arrangements or mechanism evolved by the issuer for redressal of investor grievances including through SEBI
     Complaints Redress System (SCORES)
 •   Number of investor complaints received during the preceding three years and the number of complaints
     disposed off during that period
 •   Number of investor complaints pending on the date of filing the draft Offer document
 •   Number of investor complaints pending on the date of filing the draft Offer document in respect of the five
     largest (in terms of market capitalization) listed group companies.
 •   Time normally taken by the issuer for disposal of various types of investor grievances.
 •   Disclosures prescribed under sub-clauses (2) to (5) shall also be made in regard to the listed subsidiaries.

DISPOSAL OF INVESTOR GRIEVANCES BY OUR COMPANY

The Company has appointed Registrar to the Issue, to handle the investor grievances in co-ordination with our
Company. All grievances relating to the present Issue may be addressed to the Registrar with a copy to the
Compliance Officer, giving full details such as name, address of the Applicant, number of Equity Shares applied
for, amount paid on application and name of bank and branch. The Company would monitor the work of the
Registrar to the Issue to ensure that the investor grievances are settled expeditiously and satisfactorily. The
Registrar to the Issue will handle investor’s grievances pertaining to the Issue. A fortnightly status report of the
complaints received and redressed by them would be forwarded to the Company. The Company would also be
coordinating with the Registrar to the Issue in attending to the grievances to the investor.

The Registrar to the Issue shall obtain the required information from the SCSBs for addressing any clarifications
or grievances of ASBA applicants or UPI Payment Mechanism Applicants. Our Company, the Book Running
Lead Manager and the Registrar to the Issue accept no responsibility for errors, omissions, commission or any
acts of SCSBs/ Sponsor Bank including any defaults in complying with its obligations under applicable SEBI
(ICDR) Regulations.

Our Company will obtain authentication on the SCORES in compliance with the SEBI Circular
(SEBI/HO/OIAE/IGRD/CIR/P/2023/156) dated September 20, 2023, regarding the 'Redressal of investor

                                                        266
grievances through the SEBI Complaint Redressal (SCORES) Platform'. This platform enables investors to lodge,
follow up, and track the status of their grievances online. For more details, investors may visit
https://scores.sebi.gov.in.

Our Company has appointed Pooja Biyani as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our company,
for this Issue she may be contacted in case of any pre-issue or post-issue related problems at the following address:

Address: Plot No. 101/A, Phase-III, Industrial Development Park, Cherlapally, Hindustan Cables Ltd, Uppal,
Hyderabad – 500051, Telangana, India
Telephone: +91 9063498493
Email: compliance@himalayanutravedics.com
Website: www.himalayanutravedics.com

Till date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not received any investor complaint and no
complaints is pending for resolution.

OTHER CONFIRMATIONS

There are no outstanding debentures or bonds or redeemable preference shares and other instruments issued by
the Company as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

EXEMPTION FROM COMPLYING WITH PROVISIONS OF SECURITIES LAWS, IF ANY,
GRANTED BY SEBI

As on date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not availed any exemption from complying
with any provisions of securities laws granted by SEBI.




                          (The remainder of this page has been kept intentionally blank)




                                                        267
                              SECTION VII – ISSUE RELATED INFORMATION
                                               TERMS OF THE ISSUE


The Equity Shares being Issued are subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, SCRA, SCRR, SEBI (ICDR)
Regulations, the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Memorandum and Articles of Association, the terms of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus, t h e Red Herring Prospects, the Prospectus, the Draft Abridged Prospectus, the Abridged Prospectus
Application Form, any Confirmation of Allocation Note (“CAN”), the Revision Form, Allotment advices, and other
terms and conditions as may be incorporated in the Allotment advices and other documents/certificates that may be
executed in respect of the Issue. The Equity Shares shall also be subject to all applicable laws, guidelines, rules,
notifications and regulations relating to the issue of capital and listing and trading of securities issued from time to time
by SEBI, the GoI, the Stock Exchange, the RoC, the RBI and/or other authorities, as in force on the date of the Issue and
to the extent applicable or such other conditions as may be prescribed by SEBI, RBI, the GoI, the Stock Exchange, the
RoC and/or any other authorities while granting its approval for the Issue.

Please note that in terms of SEBI ICDR Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-POD2/I/4518/2026 dated
February 09, 2026 and the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, all the investors
(except Anchor Investors) applying in a public Issue shall use only Application Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA)
process for application providing details of the bank account which will be blocked by the Self Certified Syndicate
Banks (SCSBs) for the same. Further, pursuant to SEBI ICDR Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-
POD2/I/4518/2026 dated February 09, 2026, Individual Investors applying in public Issue may use either Application
Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA) facility for making application or also can use UPI as a payment mechanism
with Application Supported by Blocked Amount for making application.

Further vide the said circular Registrar to the Issue and Depository Participants have been also authorized to collect the
Bid-cum- Application forms. Investor may visit the official website of the concerned for any information on operational
utilization of this facility of form collection by the Registrar to the Issue and Depository Participants as and when the
same is made available.

THE ISSUE
The present Public Issue of up to 25,00,000 Equity Shares has been authorized by a resolution of the Board
of Directors of our Company at their meeting held on March 06, 2026 and was approved by the Shareholders
of the Company by passing Special Resolution at the Extra Ordinary Meeting held on March 09, 2026 in
accordance with the provisions of Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013.

RANKING OF THE EQUITY SHARES
The Equity Shares being issued shall be subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and our MOA
and AOA and shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the existing Equity Shares of our Company including
rights in respect of dividend. The Allottees, upon Allotment of Equity Shares under this Issue, will be entitled
to receive dividends and other corporate benefits, if any, declared by our Company after the date of Allotment.
For further details, please refer to section titled, “Provisions of t h e Article of Association of the Company”,
beginning on page 309 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

MODE OF PAYMENT OF DIVIDEND
The declaration and payment of dividend will be as per the provisions of Companies Act, the Articles of
Association, the provision of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
and any other rules, regulations or guidelines as may be issued by the Government of India in connection
thereto and as per the recommendation by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders at their discretion and
will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to earnings, capital requirements and overall
financial condition of our Company. We shall pay dividends in cash and as per provisions of the Companies
Act and our Articles of Association. Further Interim Dividend (if any declared) will be approved by the
Board of Directors. For further details, please refer to section titled “Dividend Policy” and “Provisions of
the Article of Association of the Company” beginning on page 2 3 0 and 309 respectively of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus.

FACE VALUE, ISSUE PRICE, FLOOR PRICE AND PRICE BAND
The face value of each Equity Share is ₹10/- and the Issue Price at the lower end of the Price Band is ₹ [●] per
Equity Share (“Floor Price”) and at the higher end of the Price Band is ₹ [●] per Equity Share (“Cap Price”).
The Anchor Investor Issue Price is ₹ [●] per Equity Share.

                                                            268
The Issue Price, the Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot for the Issue will be decided by our Company, in
consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, and shall be published at least two (2) Working Days prior
to the Bid/Issue Opening Date, in all editions of [●] (a widely circulated English national daily newspaper), all
editions of [●] (a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper) and [●] editions of [●] (a widely circulated
Telugu newspaper, where our Registered and Corporate Office is located), and shall be made available to the
Stock Exchanges for the purpose of uploading on their respective websites

The Price Band, along with the relevant financial ratios calculated at the Floor Price and at the Cap Price, shall
be pre-filled in the Bid cum Application Forms available on the website of the Stock Exchange. The Issue Price
shall be determined by our Company and in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, after the Bid/
Issue Closing Date, on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares issued by way of Book
Building Process. At any given point of time there shall be only one denomination of the Equity Shares of our
Company, subject to applicable laws.

COMPLIANCE WITH SEBI (ICDR) REGULATIONS, 2018
Our Company shall comply with all requirements of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. Our Company shall comply
with all disclosure and accounting norms as specified by SEBI from time to time.

COMPLIANCE WITH DISCLOSURE AND ACCOUNTING NORMS
Our Company shall comply with all disclosure and accounting norms as specified by SEBI from time to time.

RIGHTS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS
Subject to applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines and the Articles of Association, the equity
shareholders shall have the following rights:

a)   Right to receive dividend, if declared;
b)   Right to receive Annual Reports and notices to members;
c)   Right to attend general meetings and exercise voting rights, unless prohibited by law;
d)   Right to vote on a poll either in person or by proxy;
e)   Right to receive offer for rights shares and be allotted bonus shares, if announced;
f)   Right to receive surplus on liquidation; subject to any statutory or preferential claims being satisfied;
g)   Right of free transferability of the Equity Shares; and
h)   Such other rights, as may be available to a shareholder of a listed Public Limited Company under the
     Companies Act, terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
     and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of our Company.

For a detailed description of the main provision of the Articles of Association of our Company relating to voting
rights, dividend, forfeiture and lien, transfer, transmission and/ or consolidation/ splitting, etc., please refer to
section titled “Provisions of t he Article of Association of the Company” beginning on page 309 of this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus.

ALLOTMENT O N L Y IN DEMATERIALIZED FORM
As per regulations made under and Section 29(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 the Equity Shares to be allotted
must be in Dematerialized form i.e., not in the form of physical certificates but be fungible and be represented
by the statement issued through electronic mode. Hence, the Equity Shares being issued can be applied for in
the dematerialized form only. In this context, two agreements has been signed among our Company, the
respective Depositories and Registrar to the Issue.

•    Tripartite Agreement dated January 20, 2026 between NSDL, Our Company and Registrar to the Issue;
     and
•    Tripartite Agreement dated January 20, 2026 between CDSL, Our Company and Registrar to the Issue.

MARKET LOT AND TRADING LOT
The trading of the Equity Shares will happen in the minimum contract size of [●] Equity Shares and the same
may be modified by the BSE (SME platform of BSE) from time to time by giving prior notice to investors at


                                                        269
large.

Allocation and allotment of Equity Shares through this issue will be done in multiples of [●] Equity Shares
and is subject to a minimum allotment of [●] Equity Shares to the successful applicants in terms of the
SEBI circular No. CIR/MRD/DSA/06/2012 dated February 21, 2012.

MINIMUM NUMBER OF ALLOTTEES
In accordance with Regulation 268 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 the minimum number of allottees in the
Issue shall be 200 shareholders. In case the minimum number of prospective allottees is less than 200, no
allotment will be made pursuant to this Issue and the monies collected shall be unblocked forthwith within
four (4) days of closure of issue.

JURISDICTION
Exclusive jurisdiction for the purpose of this Issue is with the competent courts/ authorities in Hyderabad,
Telangana, India.

The Equity Shares have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act”) or any state securities laws in the United States and may not be offered
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, “U.S. persons” (as defined in
Regulation S under the Securities Act), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Equity Shares will be
offered and sold outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S of the Securities Act and
the applicable laws of the jurisdiction where those issues and sales occur.

The Equity Shares have not been, and will not be, registered, listed or otherwise qualified in any other
jurisdiction outside India and may not be offered or sold, and Bids may not be made by persons in any
such jurisdiction, except in compliance with the applicable laws of such jurisdiction.

JOINT HOLDERS
Where 2 (two) or more persons are registered as the holders of any Equity Shares, they will be deemed to
hold such Equity Shares as joint-holders with benefits of survivorship.

NOMINATION FACILITY TO BIDDERS
In accordance with Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 the sole or first applicant, along with other joint
applicant, may nominate any one person in whom, in the event of the death of sole applicant or in case of
joint applicant, death of all the applicants, as the case may be, the Equity Shares allotted, if any, shall vest. A
person, being a nominee, entitled to the Equity Shares by reason of the death of the original holder(s), shall in
accordance with Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 be entitled to the same advantages to which he or
she would be entitled if he or she were the registered holder of the Equity Share(s). Where the nominee is a
minor, the holder(s) may make a nomination to appoint, in the prescribed manner, any person to become
entitled to Equity Share(s) in the event of his or her death during the minority. A nomination shall stand
rescinded upon a sale of equity share(s) by the person nominating. A buyer will be entitled to make a fresh
nomination in the manner prescribed. Fresh nomination can be made only on the prescribed form available on
request at the Registered a n d C o r po r a t e Office of our Company or to the Registrar and Transfer Agents of
our Company.

In accordance with Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 any Person who becomes a nominee by virtue
of Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 shall upon the production of such evidence as may be required by
the Board, elect either:

a) to register himself or herself as the holder of the Equity Shares; or
b) to make such transfer of the Equity Shares, as the deceased holder could have made.

Further, the Board may at any time give notice requiring any nominee to choose either to be registered
himself or herself or to transfer the Equity Shares, and if the notice is not complied with within a period
of 90 (ninety) days, the Board may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends, bonuses or other moneys
payable in respect of the Equity Shares, until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.


                                                       270
Since the allotment of Equity Shares in the Issue is in dematerialized form, there is no need to make a separate
nomination with us. Nominations registered with the respective depository participant of the applicant would
prevail. If the investors require changing the nomination, they are requested to inform their respective
depository participant.

WITHDRAWAL OF THE ISSUE
Our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, reserve the right to not to proceed with the
issue after the Bid/ Issue Opening date but before the Allotment. In such an event, our Company would issue a
public notice in the newspaper in which the pre-issue advertisements were published, within two days of the Bid/
Issue Closing date or such other time as may be prescribed by SEBI, providing reasons for not proceeding with
the issue. The Book Running Lead Manager through, the Registrar of the issue, shall notify the SCSBs to unblock
the bank accounts of the ASBA Bidders within one working day from the date of receipt of such notification. Our
Company shall also inform the same to the stock exchange on which equity shares are proposed to be listed. If the
Issue is withdrawn after the designated Date, amounts that have been credited to the Public Issue Account shall
be transferred to the Refund Account.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issue is also subject to obtaining the final listing and trading approvals of the
Stock Exchanges, which our Company shall apply for after Allotment and within three Working Days of the Issue
Closing Date or such other time period as prescribed under Applicable Law and also inform the Bankers to the
Issue to process refunds to the Anchor Investors, as the case may be. If our Company withdraws the Issue after
the Issue Closing Date and thereafter determines that it will proceed with an Issue of the Equity Shares, our
Company shall file a fresh Draft Red Herring Prospectus with the Stock Exchanges. The notice of withdrawal will
be issued in the same newspapers where the Pre-Issue advertisements have appeared, and the Stock Exchanges
will also be informed promptly.

BID/ISSUE PROGRAM

 Event                                                                                   Indicative Date
                                                                                              1
 BID/ISSUE OPENS ON                                                    [●]*
                                                                           2
 BID/ISSUE CLOSES ON                                                   [●]*
 Finalization of Basis of Allotment with the Designated Stock Exchange On or about [●]
 (T+1)
 Initiation of refunds ( if any, for Anchor Investors) / unblocking of Funds On or about [●]
 from ASBA Account or UPI ID
 linked  bank
 Credit of    account
            Equity    (T+2)
                   Shares to Demat accounts of Allottees (T+2)               On or about [●]
 Commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange (T+3) On or about [●]

The above time table is indicative and does not constitute any obligation on our Company or BRLM.
Whilst our Company shall ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for the
listing and the commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on BSE SME is taken within Three
Working Days from the Issue Closing Date, the timetable may change due to various factors, such as
extension of the Issue Period by our Company or any delays in receiving the final listing and trading
approval from the Stock Exchange. The Commencement of trading of the Equity Shares will be entirely
at the discretion of the Stock Exchange and in accordance with the applicable laws.

Notes:-
1.
     Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, may consider participation by Anchor
    Investors in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. The Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period shall be one
    Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
2.
    Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, consider closing the Bid/Issue Period for QIBs
    one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.

*In case of (i) any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI
Mechanism) exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date for cancelled / withdrawn / deleted ASBA Forms,
the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid Amount, whichever is higher
from the date on which the request for cancellation/ withdrawal/ deletion is placed in the Stock Exchanges bidding platform
until the date on which the amounts are unblocked (ii) any blocking of multiple amounts for the same ASBA Form (for


                                                           271
amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism), the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate ₹100 per day or
15% per annum of the total cumulative blocked amount except the original application amount, whichever is higher from the
date on which such multiple amounts were blocked till the date of actual unblock; (iii) any blocking of amounts more than the
Bid Amount, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹100 per day or 15% per annum of the difference in amount,
whichever is higher from the date on which such excess amounts were blocked till the date of actual unblock; (iv) any delay
in unblocking of non-allotted/ partially allotted Bids, exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date till
date of actual unblock, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹ 100 per day or 15% per annum of the Bid
Amount, whichever is higher from three Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date by the intermediary responsible
for causing such delay in unblocking. The BRLM shall, in their sole discretion, identify and fix the liability on such
intermediary or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. Further, the Bidder shall be compensated in the manner
specified in the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, which for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed to be incorporated in the
deemed agreement of the Company with the SCSBs, to the extent applicable.

Bid-Cum Application Forms and any revisions to the same will be accepted only between 10.00 A.M. to 5.00
P.M. (IST) during the Issue Period (except for the Bid/ Issue Closing Date). On the Bid/ Issue Closing Date,
the Application Forms will be accepted only between 10.00 a.m. to 3.00 p.m. (IST) for Individual Investor and
non-institutional Bidders. The time for applying for Individual Bidders on Bid/ Issue Closing Date maybe
extended in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, RTA and BSE taking into account the total
number of applications received up to the closure of timings.

Submission of Bids (other than Bids from Anchor Investors):

                                Bid/Issue Period (except the Bid/Issue Closing Date)
    Submission and Revision in Bids                         Only between 10:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. (Indian
                                                            Standard Time (“IST”)
                                               Bis/Issue Closing Date*
    Submission of Electronic Applications (Online           Only between 10:00 a.m. and up to 5:00 p.m. IST
    ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts) – For IIs
    Submission of Electronic Applications (Bank ASBA        Only between 10:00 a.m. and up to 4:00 p.m. IST
    through Online channels like Internet Banking,
    Mobile Banking and Syndicate UPI ASBA
    applications) where Bid Amount is upto ₹500,000)
    Submission of Electronic Applications (Syndicate        Only between 10:00 a.m. and up to 3:00 p.m. IST
    Non-Retail, Non-Individual Applications)
    Submission of Physical Applications (Bank ASBA)         Only between 10:00 a.m. and up to 1:00 p.m. IST
    Submission of Physical Applications (Syndicate          Only between 10:00 a.m. and up to 12:00 p.m. IST
    Non-Retail, Non-Individual Applications of QIBs
    and Non-Institutional Investors where Bid Amount is
    more than ₹500,000)
                                           Modification/Revision of Bids
    Upward Revision of Bids by QIBs and Non-                Only between 10:00 a.m. on the Bid/Issue Opening
    Institutional Investors categories                      Date and up to 4:00 p.m. IST on Bid/Issue Closing
                                                            Date
    Upward Revision of Bids by IIs                          Only between 10:00 a.m. on the Bid/Issue Opening
                                                            Date and up to 5:00 p.m. IST on Bid/Issue Closing
                                                            Date
*UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5:00 pm on the Bid/Issue Closing Date.
#
    Any category of bidders can neither revise their bids downwards nor cancel/ withdraw their Bids.

On the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Bids shall be uploaded until:

(i)      4.00 P.M. IST in case of Bids by QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders, and
(ii)     until 5.00 P.M. IST or such extended time as permitted by the Stock Exchange, in case of Bids by
         Individual Bidders.

On the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, extension of time will be granted by the Stock Exchange only for uploading
Bids received from Individual Bidders after taking into account the total number of Bids received and as
reported by the Book Running Lead Manager to the Stock Exchange.



                                                              272
The Registrar to the Issue shall submit the details of cancelled/ withdrawn/ deleted applications to the SCSBs
on a daily basis within 60 minutes of the Bid closure time from the Bid/ Issue Opening Date till the Bid/ Issue
Closing Date by obtaining the same from the Stock Exchanges. The SCSBs shall unblock such application by
the closing hours of the Working Day and submit the confirmation to the Book Running Lead Manager and
the RTA on a daily basis.

To avoid duplication, the facility of re-initiation provided to Syndicate Members, if any shall preferably be
allowed only once per Bid/batch and as deemed fit by the Stock Exchange, after closure of the time for
uploading Bids.

It is clarified that Bids not uploaded on the electronic bidding system or in respect of which the full Bid
Amount is not blocked by SCSBs or not blocked under the UPI Mechanism in the relevant ASBA Account,
as the case may be, would be rejected.

Due to the limitation of time available for uploading the Bid-Cum-Application Forms on the Bid/ Issue Closing
Date, Bidders are advised to submit their applications one (1) day prior to the Bid/ Issue Closing Date and, in
any case, not later than 3.00 P.M. (IST) on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Any time mentioned in this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus is IST. Bidders are cautioned that, in the event a large number of Bid-Cum- Application
Forms are received on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, as is typically experienced in public Issue, some Bid-
Cum- Application Forms may not get uploaded due to the lack of sufficient time. Such Bid-Cum-Application
Forms that cannot be uploaded will not be considered for allocation under this Issue. Applications will be
accepted only on Working Days, i.e., Monday to Friday (excluding any public holidays). Neither our Company
nor the Book Running Lead Manager is liable for any failure in uploading the Bid-Cum- Application Forms
due to faults in any software/ hardware system or otherwise.

In accordance with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not allowed to withdraw
or lower the size of their Application (in terms of the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Application
amount) at any stage. Individual Bidders can revise or withdraw their Bid-Cum-Application Forms prior to
the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Allocation to Individual Bidders, in this Issue will be on a proportionate basis.

In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical
Bid-Cum- Application Form, for a particular Bidder, the details as per the file received from Stock Exchange
may be taken as the final data for the purpose of Allotment. In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the
electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical or electronic Bid-Cum- Application Form, for a
particular ASBA Bidder, the Registrar to the Issue shall ask the relevant SCSBs / RTAs / DPs / stock brokers,
as the case may be, for the rectified data.

Our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, reserves the right to revise the Price
Band during the Bid/ Issue Period. The revision in the Price Band shall not exceed 20% on either side, i.e.
the Floor Price can move up or down to the extent of 20% of the Floor Price and the Cap Price will be revised
accordingly. The Floor Price shall not be less than the face value of the Equity Shares.

In case of any revision to the Price Band, the Bid/ Issue Period will be extended by at least three additional
Working Days following such revision of the Price Band, subject to the Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding a total
of 10 Working Days. In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, our Company in
consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the Bid/
Issue Period for a minimum of three Working Days, subject to the Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding 10
Working Days. Any revision in the Price Band and the revised Bid/ Issue Period, if applicable, will be
widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchange, by issuing a public notice, and also by indicating
the change on the respective websites of the Book Running Lead Manager and the terminals of the Syndicate
Members, if any and by intimation to SCSBs, other Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank, as
applicable. In case of revision of Price Band, the Bid Lot shall remain the same.

MINIMUM SUBSCRIPTION

This Issue is not restricted to any minimum subscription level and is 100% underwritten. As per Section 39 of
the Companies Act, 2013, if the stated minimum amount has not be subscribed and the sum payable on
application is not received within a period of 30 days from the date of the Prospectus, the application money has
to be returned within such period as may be prescribed. If our Company does not receive the 100 % subscription

                                                      273
of the issue through the Issue Document including devolvement of Underwriters, if any, within sixty (60) days
from the date of closure of the issue, our Company shall forthwith refund the entire subscription amount received.
If there is a delay beyond eight days after our Company becomes liable to pay the amount, our Company and
every officer in default will, on and from the expiry of this period, be jointly and severally liable to repay the
money, with interest or other penalty as prescribed under the SEBI Regulations, the Companies Act 2013 and
applicable law.

In terms of Regulation 272(2) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, in case the Company fails to obtain listing or
trading permission from the stock exchanges where the specified securities are proposed to be listed, it
shall refund through verifiable means the entire monies received within four days of receipt of intimation
from stock exchange(s) rejecting the application for listing of specified securities, and if any such money is
not repaid within four days after the issuer becomes liable to repay it, the issuer and every director of the
company who is an officer in default shall, on and from the expiry of the fourth day, be jointly and severally
liable to repay that money with interest at the rate of fifteen per cent per annum.

Further, in accordance with Regulation 268(1) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, our Company shall ensure
that the number of prospective allottees to whom the Equity Shares will allotted will not be less than 200
(Two Hundred).

In terms of Regulation 260 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the Issue is 100% underwritten. For
details of underwriting arrangement, kindly refer the chapter titled “General Information - Underwriting”
beginning on page 76 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

Further, in accordance with Regulation 267 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the minimum application
size in terms of number of specified securities shall not be less than two Lots. Provided that minimum
application size shall be above ₹2.00 Lakhs.

ARRANGEMENTS FOR DISPOSAL OF ODD LOTS

There are no arrangements for disposal of odd lots since our Equity Shares will be traded in dematerialised form
only, and the market lot for our Equity Shares will be one Equity Share.

NEW FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

There are no new financial instruments such as deep discounted bonds, debenture, warrants, secured premium
notes, etc. issued by our Company through this Issue.

RESTRICTIONS, IF ANY, ON TRANSFER AND TRANSMISSION OF EQUITY SHARES

Except for lock-in of the Pre- Issue Equity Shares and Promoter minimum contribution in the Issue as detailed
under section titled “Capital Structure” beginning on page 80 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and except
as provided in the Articles of Association of our Company, there are no restrictions on transfers of Equity Shares.
There are no restrictions on transfer and transmission of shares/ debentures and on their consolidation/ splitting
except as provided in the Articles of Association. For further details, please refer to section titled “Provisions of
the Articles of Association of the company” beginning on page 309 this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

MIGRATION TO MAIN BOARD

As per the provisions of the Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, 2018, our Company may migrate
to the main board of BSE from the SME Exchange on a later date subject to the following:

As per Regulation 280(2) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, 2018 read, where the post-issue paid up capital of
the Company listed on a BSE SME is likely to increase beyond twenty-five crore rupees by virtue of any
further issue of capital by the Company by way of rights issue, preferential issue, bonus issue, etc. the Company
shall migrate its equity shares listed on a BSE to the Main Board and seek listing of the equity shares
proposed to be issued on the Main Board subject to the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria for listing of equity
shares laid down by the Main Board: Provided that no further issue of capital shall be made unless –

a) the shareholders have approved the migration by passing a special resolution through postal ballot wherein

                                                        274
   the votes cast by shareholders other than promoters in favour of the proposal amount to at least two times
   the number of votes cast by shareholders other than promoter shareholders against the proposal;
b) the Company has obtained an in-principle approval from the Main Board for listing of its entire specified
   securities on it.

Provided further that where the post-issue paid-up capital pursuant to further issue of capital including by
way of rights issue, preferential issue, bonus issue, is likely to increase beyond ₹25 crores, the Company
may undertake further issuance of capital without migration from SME exchange to the main board, subject
to the undertaking to comply with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as applicable to companies listed on the main
board of the stock exchange(s).

If the Paid-up Capital of the company is atleast ₹10 crores, we may still apply for migration to the main
board if the same has been approved by a special resolution through postal ballot wherein the votes cast by
the shareholders other than the promoters in favour of the proposal amount to at least two times the number
of votes cast by shareholders other than promoter shareholders against the proposal.

Any company voluntarily desiring to migrate to the Main board from the SME Platform, amongst others, has
to fulfill following conditions:

 Parameter             Migration policy from BSE SME Platform to BSE Main Board
 Paid up Capital       Atleast ₹10 Cr.
 Market                Average of 6 months markets cap
 Capitalisation        Migration: ₹100 Cr.
                       Direct listing: ₹1000 Cr.
                       Note: For the purpose of calculating the average market cap., the aggregate of daily
                       market cap on the days the scrip has traded, shall be divided by the total no. of trading
                       days during the said 6 months period.
 Market Liquidity•     At least 5% of the weighted average number of equity shares listed should have been
                       traded during such six months period;
                   •   Trading on atleast 80% of days during such 6 months period;
                   •   Minimum average daily turnover of ₹ 10 lacs and minimum daily turnover of ₹ 5 lacs
                       during the 6 months period;
                   •   Minimum Average no. of daily trades of 50 and minimum daily trades of 25 during the
                       said 6 months period.
                       Note: for the purpose of calculating the average daily turnover and average no. of daily
                       trades, the aggregate of daily turnover and no. of daily trades on the days the scrip has
                       traded, shall be divided by the total no. of trading days, respectively, during the said 6
                       months period.
 Operating Profit      Average of ₹ 15 Cr. on a restated consolidated basis, in preceding 3 years (of 12 months
 (EBIDTA)              each), with operating profit in each of these 3 years, with a minimum of ₹ 10 crores in
                       each of the said 3 years.

                       In case of name change within the last one year, at least 50% per cent. of the revenue,
                       calculated on a restated and consolidated basis, for the preceding one full year has been
                       earned by it from the activity indicated by its new name
 Net Worth             ₹ 1 Cr. - in each of the preceding three full years (of twelve months each), calculated on
                       a restated and consolidated basis;
 Net       Tangible    At least ₹ 3 Cr. on a restated and consolidated basis, in each of the preceding three full
 Assets                years (of twelve months each), of which not more than fifty per cent. are held in
                       monetary assets:

                       Provided that if more than fifty per cent. of the net tangible assets are held in monetary
                       assets, the company has utilised or made firm commitments to utilise such excess
                       monetary assets in its business or project.

                                                      275
 Parameter                Migration policy from BSE SME Platform to BSE Main Board
 Promoter holding         At least 20% at the time of making application. For this purpose, shareholding of
                          promoter group may also be considered for any shortfall in meeting the said requirement
                          Not applicable to companies that have sought listing through IPO, without identifiable
                          promoters.
 Lock     In of           6 months from the date of listing on the BSE.
 promoter/                Note: The lock-in criterion shall not apply to companies already listed on a recognized
 promoter group
 shares                   stock exchange with nationwide trading terminals and meeting all other eligibility
                          criteria for migration or direct listing on the Main Board.
                 1.
 Regulatory Action        No SEBI debarment orders is continuing against the Company, any of its promoters,
                          promoter group or directors or the any other company in which they are promoter/
                          promoter group or directors.
                     2.   The company or any of its promoters or directors is not a wilful defaulter or a fraudulent
                          borrower.
                     3.   Promoters or directors are not fugitive economic offender.
                     4.   The company is not admitted by NCLT for winding up or under IBC pursuant to CIRP.
                     5.   Not suspended from trading for non-compliance with SEBI (LODR) Regs or reasons
                          other than for procedural reasons during the last 12 months.
 Promoter                 100% in demat form
 Shareholding
 Compliance with          3 years track record with no pending non-compliance at the time of making the
 LODR regulations         application.
 Track Record in          Listed for atleast 3 years
 terms of Listing
 Public                   Minimum 1000 as per latest shareholding pattern
 Shareholder
 Other Parameters1.       No pending Defaults w.r.t bonds/ debt instrument/ FD by company, promoters/ promoter
                          group /promoting company(ies), Subsidiary Companies.
                     2.   Certificate from CRA for utilization of IPO proceeds and further issues post listing on
                          SME.
                     3.   Not under any surveillance measures/actions i.e “ESM”, “ASM”, “GSM category” or
                          T-to-T for surveillance reasons at the time of filing of application
                          2 months cooling off from the date the security has come out of T-to-T category or date
                          of graded surveillance action/measure
 Score ID                 No pending investor complaints on SCORES
 Business                 Same line of business for 3 years.
 Consistency              At least 50% of the revenue from operations from such continued business activity
 Audit                    No audit qualification w.r.t. going concern or any material financial implication and
 Qualification            such audit qualification is continuing at the time of application.

Notes:-
a)   Net worth definition to be considered as per definition in SEBI (ICDR) Regulations 2018 as amended from time to
     time.
b)   Company is required to submit Information Memorandum to the Exchange as prescribed in SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
c)   The application submitted to the Exchange for listing and mere fulfilling the eligibility criteria does not amount
     to grant of approval for listing.
d)   If the documents and clarification received from the applicant company are not to the satisfaction of BSE, BSE has
     the right to close the application at any point of time without giving any reason thereof. Thereafter, the company can
     make fresh application as per the extant norms.
e)   The Exchange may reject the application at any stage if the information submitted to the Exchange is found to be
     incomplete/incorrect/misleading/false or for any contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange,
     Guidelines / Regulations issued by statutory authorities or for any reason in the interest of Investors and market
     integrity. The Exchange may also reject the application if the company is found not fulfilling internal BSE standards.
f)   Companies that have approached for listing on any stock exchange and has been denied listing for any reason
     whatsoever or has chosen to withdraw its application from the Exchange, they may reapply for listing after a minimum
     period of 6 months (6 months after date of rejection/ withdrawal). If rejected for a second time, the company would
     not be eligible to apply again.
g)   BSE decision w.r.t admission of securities for listing and trading is final.


                                                           276
h)   BSE has the right to change / modify / delete any or all the above norms without giving any prior intimation to the
     company.
i)   The companies are required to submit documents and comply with the extant norms.
j)   The company shall use BSE’s reference regarding listing only after the Exchange grants its in-principle listing approval
     to the company.

MARKET MAKING

The shares issued through this Issue are proposed to be listed on the BSE SME (SME platform of BSE),
wherein the Book Running Lead Manager to this Issue shall ensure compulsory Market Making through the
registered Market Makers of the SME Exchange for a minimum period of 3 (three) years from the date of
listing on the BSE SME.

For further details of the agreement entered into between the Company, the Book Running Lead Manager
and the Market Maker please refer to section titled “General Information - Details of the Market Making
Arrangements for this Issue” beginning on page 77 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

AS PER THE EXTENT GUIDELINE OF THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, OCBS CANNOT
PARTICIPATE IN THIS ISSUE

The current provisions of the Foreign Exchange (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, provides a general
permission for the NRIs, FPIs and foreign venture capital investors registered with SEBI to invest in shares
of Indian companies by way of subscription in an IPO. However, such investments would be subject to
other investment restrictions under the Foreign Exchange (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, RBI and/or
SEBI regulations as may be applicable to such investors.

The Allotment of the Equity Shares to Non-Residents shall be subject to the conditions, if any, as may be
prescribed by the Government of India/ RBI while granting such approvals.

APPLICATION BY ELIGIBLE NRI’S, FPI’S, VCF’S, AIF’S REGISTERED WITH SEBI

It is to be understood that there is no reservation for Eligible NRIs, FPIs or VCF registered with SEBI. Such
Eligible NRIs, FPIs or VCF registered with SEBI will be treated on the same basis with other categories for
the purpose of Allocation.

PRE-ISSUE AND PRICE BAND ADVERTISEMENT

Subject to Section 30 of the Companies Act, 2013 our Company shall, after filing the Red Herring Prospectus/
Prospectus with the RoC publish a pre-Issue a n d price band advertisement, in the form prescribed by the
SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, in one widely circulated English language national daily newspaper; one widely
circulated Hindi language national daily newspaper and one Telugu language regional newspaper with
wide circulation where the Registered a n d C o r p o r a t e Office of our Company is situated.

ALLOTMENT ONLY IN DEMATERIALISED FORM

Pursuant to Section 29 of the Companies Act, the Equity Shares shall be Allotted only in dematerialised form. As
per SEBI ICDR Regulations, the trading of the Equity Shares shall only be in dematerialised form. In this context,
two agreements has been signed by our Company with the respective Depositories and the Registrar to the Issue
before filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus:

•    Tripartite Agreement dated January 20, 2026 between NSDL, Our Company and Registrar to the Issue;
•    Tripartite Agreement dated January 20, 2026 between CDSL, Our Company and Registrar to the Issue;
•    The Company has following ISIN: INE1OTR01013

As per the provisions of the Depositories Act, 1996 & regulations made there under and Section 29 (1) of the
Companies Act, 2013, the equity shares of an issuer shall be in dematerialized form i.e. not in the form of physical
certificates, but be fungible and be represented by the statement issued through electronic mode. The trading of
the Equity Shares will happen in the minimum contract size of [●] Equity Shares and the same may be modified
by the National Stock Exchange of India Limited from time to time by giving prior notice to investors at large.
Allocation and allotment of Equity Shares through this Issue will be done in multiples of [●] Equity Shares subject


                                                            277
to a minimum allotment of [●] Equity Shares to the successful Applicants in terms of the SEBI circular No.
CIR/MRD/DSA/06/2012 dated February 21, 2012.

The above information is given for the benefit of the Applicants. The Applicants are advised to make their own enquiries
about the limits applicable to them. Our Company and the Book Running Lead Manager do not accept any responsibility
for the completeness and accuracy of the information stated hereinabove. Our Company and the Book Running Lead
Manager are not liable to inform the investors of any amendments or modifications or changes in applicable laws and
regulations, which may occur after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Applicants are advised to make their
independent investigations and ensure that the number of Equity Shares applied for do not exceed the applicable limits
under laws and regulations.




                           (The remainder of this page has been intentionally kept blank)




                                                           278
                                                ISSUE STRUCTURE

This Issue is being made in terms of Regulation 229 (1) of Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as
amended from time to time, whereby, an issuer, whose post Issue paid up capital is less than or equal to ten crore
rupees shall issue shares to the public and propose to list the same on the Small and Medium Enterprise Exchange
(“SME Exchange”, in this case being the SME Platform of BSE Limited). For further details regarding the salient
features and terms of such an Issue please refer chapter titled “Terms of the Issue” and “Issue Procedure”
beginning on pages 268 and 284 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

ISSUE STRUCTURE

This Issue comprises of Initial Public Offering of up to 25,00,000 Equity Shares for Cash at an Issue Price of ₹
[●] per Equity Share (including a share premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share) aggregating up to ₹[●] Lakhs. The
Issue comprises a reservation of up to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each for subscription by the
designated Market Maker (“the Market Maker Reservation Portion”) and Net Issue to Public of up to [●] Equity
Shares of face value of ₹10/- each (“the Net Issue”). The Issue and the Net Issue will constitute [●] % and [●] %,
respectively of the post Issue paid-up equity share capital of our Company. The Issue is being made through the
Book Building Process.

 Particulars of the Issue    Market              QIBs (1)                  Non-Institutional           Individual
 (2)
                             Maker                                         Bidders/ Investors          Bidders    /
                             Reservation                                                               Investors
                             Portion

 Number of Equity            Upto         [●]    Not more than [●]         Not less than [●]           Not less than
 Shares available for        Equity Shares       Equity Shares of face     Equity Shares of face       [●]    Equity
 allotment/allocation*(2)    of face value of    value of ₹10/- each.      value of ₹10/- each.        Shares      of
                             ₹10/- each                                                                face value of
                                                                                                       ₹10/- each.
 Percentage of Issue         [●] of the Issue    Not more than 50% of      Not less than 15% of        Not less than
 Size available for          Size                the Net Issue being       the Net Issue, subject      35% of the
 allotment/ allocation                           available           for   to the following:           Net Issue.
                                                 allocation to QIB         (i) one-third of the
                                                 Bidders. However, up            portion available
                                                 to 5% of the Net QIB            to           Non-
                                                 Portion     will     be         Institutional
                                                 available           for         Investors shall
                                                 allocation                      be reserved for
                                                 proportionately      to         applicants with
                                                 Mutual Funds only.              an application
                                                 Mutual           Funds          size of more
                                                 participating in the            than two lots and
                                                 Mutual Fund Portion             up to such lots
                                                 will also be eligible           equivalent to not
                                                 for allocation in the           more          than
                                                 remaining         QIB           ₹10.00 Lakhs;
                                                 Portion.           The          and
                                                 unsubscribed portion      (ii) two-third of the
                                                 in the Mutual Fund              portion available
                                                 Portion will be added           to           Non-
                                                 to the Net QIB                  Institutional
                                                 Portion.                        Bidders shall be
                                                                                 reserved        for
                                                                                 applicants with
                                                                                 application size
                                                                                 of more than ₹
                                                                                 10.00 Lakhs.
 Basis                of     Firm Allotment      Proportionate       as    Subject       to     the    Minimum
 allotment/allocation if                         follows (excluding the    availability of shares      allotment of


                                                        279
Particulars of the Issue   Market            QIBs (1)                 Non-Institutional           Individual
(2)
                           Maker                                      Bidders/ Investors          Bidders    /
                           Reservation                                                            Investors
                           Portion

respective category is                     Anchor          Investor   in Non-Institutional        [●]     Equity
oversubscribed(3)                          Portion):                  investors’ category,        Shares      of
                                           (a) Upto [●] Equity        the allotment of equity     face value of
                                           Shares       shall    be   shares to each non-         Rs. 10/-. For
                                           available            for   institutional category      details,
                                           allocation      on     a   shall not be less than      please refer
                                           proportionate basis to     the           minimum       chapter titled
                                           Mutual Funds only;         application size in         “Issue
                                           and (b) Upto [●]           Non-Institutional           Procedure”
                                           Equity Shares shall be     investor category, and      beginning on
                                           available            for   the remaining shares,       page 284 of
                                           allocation      on     a   if any, shall be allotted   this     Draft
                                           proportionate basis to     on a Proportionate          Red Herring
                                           all QIBs, including        basis     subject      to   Prospectus.
                                           Mutual             Funds   minimum allotment of
                                           receiving allocation as    [●] Equity Shares and
                                           per (a) above.             further allotment in
                                           (c) Upto 60% of the        multiples      of     [●]
                                           QIB Portion of up to       Equity Shares.
                                           [●] Equity Shares
                                           each may be allocated
                                           on a discretionary
                                           basis     to     Anchor
                                           Investors, 40% of the
                                           Anchor          Investor
                                           Portion      shall    be
                                           reserved for domestic
                                           mutual funds and life
                                           insurance companies
                                           and pension funds, out
                                           of which 33.33% shall
                                           be     reserved      for
                                           domestic         Mutual
                                           Funds, subject to valid
                                           Bid received from
                                           Mutual Funds at or
                                           above the Anchor
                                           Investor Allocation
                                           Price.
Mode of Allotment^         Compulsorily dematerialized form.
Minimum Bid                [●]     Equity Such number of              Such number of              [●]     Equity
                           Shares of face Equity Shares and in        Equity Shares and in        Shares of face
                           value of ₹10/- multiples       of    [●]   multiples   of     [●]      value of ₹10/-
                           each            Equity Shares that the     Equity Shares that the      each
                                           Bid         Application    Bid       Application
                                           exceeds two lots.          exceeds two lots.
Maximum Bid                [●]     Equity Such number of                                          Such number
                                                                      Such number of
                           Shares of face Equity Shares in                                        of     Equity
                                                                      Equity Shares in
                           value of ₹10/- multiples       of    [●]                               Shares in two
                                                                      multiples   of     [●]
                           each            Equity Shares of face                                  lots so that
                                                                      Equity Shares of face
                                           value of ₹10/- each                                    the       Bid
                                                                      value of ₹10/- each
                                           not exceeding the size                                 Amount
                                                                      not exceeding the size
                                           of the Net Issue,                                      exceeds
                                                                      of the Net Issue
                                           subject to applicable                                  ₹2.00 Lakhs.
                                                                      (excluding the QIB
                                           limits

                                                    280
Particulars of the Issue   Market            QIBs (1)                 Non-Institutional        Individual
(2)
                           Maker                                      Bidders/ Investors       Bidders    /
                           Reservation                                                         Investors
                           Portion

                                                                      portion), subject to
                                                                      applicable limits
Trading Lot                [●]      Equity [●] Equity Shares of       [●] Equity Shares of     [●]     Equity
                           Shares of face face value of ₹10/-         face value of ₹10/-      Shares of face
                           value of ₹10/- each and in multiples       each and in multiples    value of ₹10/-
                           each, However thereof                      thereof                  each and in
                           the      Market                                                     multiples
                           Maker      may                                                      thereof
                           accept odd lots
                           if any in the
                           market       as
                           required under
                           the       SEBI
                           (ICDR)
                           Regulations,
                           2018.
Bid Lot                    [●]              [●]                       [●]                      [●]
Allotment Lot              [●]              [●]                       [●]                      [●]
Terms of Payment           Full Bid Amount shall be blocked by the SCSBs in the bank account of the ASBA
                           Bidder (other than Anchor Investors) or by the Sponsor Bank through the UPI
                           Mechanism, that is specified in the ASBA Form at the time of submission of the
                           ASBA Form. In case of Anchor Investors: Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the
                           Anchor Investors at the time of submission of their Bids(4)
Mode of Bidding            Only through Only through the Only through the Through
                           the      ASBA ASBA               process. ASBA process.             ASBA
                           process.         (Except for Anchor                                 Process via
                                            investors)                                         Banks or by
                                                                                               using UPI ID
                                                                                               for payment.
Who can apply(3)(4)(5)     Market Maker     Public         financial Resident          Indian Resident:
                                            institutions              individuals, Eligible Indian
                                            as specified in Section NRIs, HUFs (in the individuals,
                                            2(72)                     name      of     Karta), HUFs (in the
                                            of the Companies Act companies, corporate name                 of
                                            2013,         scheduled bodies,         scientific Karta) and
                                            commercial        banks, institutions, societies, Eligible NRIs
                                            multilateral         and family offices, trusts, applying for
                                            bilateral development FPIs          who       are Equity
                                            financial institutions, individuals, corporate Shares so that
                                            mutual             funds bodies and family the                Bid
                                            registered with SEBI, offices.                     Amount shall
                                            FPIs      other     than                           be above two
                                            individuals, corporate                             lots,
                                            bodies and family                                  accordingly,
                                            offices, VCFs, AIFs,                               the minimum
                                            FVCIs,        registered                           application
                                            with SEBI, state                                   size shall be
                                            industrial                                         above ₹2.00
                                            development                                        Lakhs.
                                            corporation, insurance
                                            company registered
                                            with             IRDAI,
                                            provident fund with
                                            minimum corpus of
                                            ₹250 million, pension

                                                    281
  Particulars of the Issue         Market               QIBs (1)                     Non-Institutional           Individual
  (2)
                                   Maker                                             Bidders/ Investors          Bidders    /
                                   Reservation                                                                   Investors
                                   Portion

                                                        fund with minimum
                                                        corpus      of     ₹250
                                                        million,       National
                                                        Investment Fund set
                                                        up by the Government
                                                        of India, insurance
                                                        funds set up and
                                                        managed by army,
                                                        navy or air force of the
                                                        Union      of     India,
                                                        insurance funds set up
                                                        and managed by the
                                                        Department of Posts,
                                                        India               and
                                                        Systemically
                                                        Important NBFCs, in
                                                        accordance         with
                                                        applicable         laws
                                                        including       FEMA
                                                        Rules.
*Subject to finalization of basis of allotment.
^ Anchor Investors are not permitted to use the ASBA process. Further, pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, SEBI
has mandated that ASBA applications in the Issue will be processed only after the Bid Amounts are blocked in the bank
accounts of the Anchor Investors. Accordingly, Stock Exchanges shall, for all categories of investors viz. QIBs, NIIs and
IIs and all modes through which the Bid cum Application Forms are processed, accept ASBA Forms in their electronic book
building platform only with a mandatory confirmation on the Bid Amounts blocked.
(1)
        Our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, may allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to
        Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Issue Price, on a discretionary basis, subject to there being (i) a maximum of
        two Anchor Investors, where allocation in the Anchor Investor Portion is up to ₹200.00 Lakhs, (ii) minimum of two and
        maximum of fifteen Anchor Investors, where the allocation under the Anchor Investor Portion is more than ₹200.00 Lakhs
        but up to ₹2,500.00 Lakhs under the Anchor Investor Portion, subject to a minimum Allotment of ₹100.00 Lakhs per
        Anchor Investor, and (iii) in case of allocation above ₹2,500.00 Lakhs under the Anchor Investor Portion, a minimum of
        five such investors and a maximum of fifteen Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹2,500.00 Lakhs, and an additional
        ten Anchor Investors for every additional ₹2,500.00 Lakhs or part thereof will be permitted, subject to minimum allotment
        of ₹100.00 Lakhs per Anchor Investor. An Anchor Investor will make a minimum Bid of such number of Equity Shares,
        that the Bid Amount is at least ₹200.00 Lakhs. 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic mutual
        funds and life insurance companies and pension funds, out of which 33.33% shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds,
        subject to valid Bid received from Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price.
(2)
         The SEBI ICDR Regulation, 2018 and as amended, permits the issue of securities to the public through the Book Building
        Process, which states that not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Bidders who
        applies for minimum application size. Not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Non-
        Institutional Bidders of which one-third of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with
        an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots as equivalent to not more than ₹ 10.00 Lakhs and two-thirds
        of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than ₹ 10.00
        Lakhs and under-subscription in either of these two sub-categories of Non-Institutional Portion may be allocated to
        Bidders in the other sub-category of Non-Institutional Portion. Subject to the availability of Equity Shares in the Non –
        Institutional Bidders category, the allotment to each Non-Institutional Bidders shall not be less than the minimum
        application size in Non-Institutional Category and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a
        proportionate basis in accordance with the conditions specified in this regard in Schedule XIII of the SEBI (ICDR)
        Regulations, 2018 and as amended. Not more than 50% of the Net Issue shall be allotted to QIBs, subject to valid Bids
        being received at or above the Issue Price.
(3)
        In the event that a Bid is submitted in joint names, the relevant Bidders should ensure that the depository account is also
        held in the same joint names and the names are in the same sequence in which they appear in the Bid cum Application
        Form. The Bid cum Application Form should contain only the name of the First Bidder whose name should also appear
        as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names. The signature of only such First Bidder would be
        required in the Bid cum Application Form and such First Bidder would be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint

                                                                282
      holders. Our Company reserves the right to reject, in its absolute discretion, all or any multiple Bids in any or all
      categories.
(4)
      Full Bid Amount shall be payable by the Anchor Investors at the time of submission of the Anchor Investor Application
      Forms provided that any difference between the Anchor Investor Allocation Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price
      shall be payable by the Anchor Investor Pay-In Date as indicated in the Confirmation of Allotment Note.
(5)
      Bids by FPIs with certain structures as described under “Issue Procedure – Bids by FPIs including FII’s” beginning
      on page 291. Bids by FPIs and having the same PAN were collated and identified as a single Bid in the Bidding process.
      The Equity Shares Allocated and Allotted to such successful Bidders (with the same PAN) have been proportionately
      distributed.

      As per SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time, has prescribed the allocation to each Individual
      Bidders which shall not be less than minimum application size applied by such individual investors and allotment to Non-
      Institutional Investors shall be more than two lots, subject to availability of Equity Shares in the Non-Institutional Portion
      and the remaining available Equity Shares, if any, shall be allocated on a proportionate basis. For further details, see
      “Terms of the Issue” on page 268. Bidders will be required to confirm and will be deemed to have represented to our
      Company, the Underwriters, their respective directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives that they are
      eligible under applicable law, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals to acquire the Equity Shares.

In case of any revision in the Price Band, the Bid/ Issue Period shall be extended for at least three additional
Working Days after such revision of the Price Band, subject to the total Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding 10
Working Days. Any revision in the Price Band, and the revised Bid/ Issue Period, if applicable, shall be
widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges by issuing a public announcement and also by
indicating the change on the websites of the BRLM and at the terminals of the members of the Syndicate.

In case of discrepancy in the data entered in the electronic book vis-à-vis the data contained in the physical Bid
cum Application Form for a particular Bidder, the details as per the Bid file received from the Stock Exchanges
may be taken as the final data for the purpose of Allotment.




                              (The remainder of this page has been intentionally kept blank)




                                                                283
                                             ISSUE PROCEDURE

All Bidders should read the General Information Document for investing in public issues prepared and issued in
accordance with circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 dated March 17, 2020 and the UPI Circulars
(the “General Information Document”) which highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to
public issues in general in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2013, the SCRA, the SCRR and
the SEBI ICDR Regulations which is part of the Abridged Prospectus accompanying the Bid cum Application
Form. The General Information Document is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the BRLM.
Please refer to the relevant provisions of the General Information Document, which are applicable to the Issue.
Additionally, all Bidders may refer to the General Information Document for information, in addition to what is
stated herein, in relation to (i) category of Bidders eligible to participate in the Issue; (ii) maximum and minimum
Bid size; (iii) price discovery and Allocation; (iv) payment instructions for ASBA Bidders; (v) issuance of
Confirmation of Allocation Note (“CAN”) and Allotment in the Issue; (vi) general instructions (limited to
instructions for completing the Bid cum Application Form); (vii) Designated Date; (viii) disposal of Bids; (ix)
submission of Bid cum Application Form; (x) other instructions (limited to joint Bids in cases of individual,
multiple Bids and instances when a Bid would be rejected on technical grounds); (xi) applicable provisions of
Companies Act, 2013 relating to punishment for fictitious Bids; (xii) mode of making refunds; and (xiii) interest
in case of delay in Allotment or refund.
SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CF D/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 01, 2018 read with its circular
no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 03, 2019, has introduced an alternate payment mechanism
using Unified Payments Interface (“UPI”) and consequent reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner.
From January 01, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for Individual Investors applying through Designated Intermediaries
was made effective along with the existing process and existing timeline of T+6 days. (“UPI Phase I”). The UPI
Phase I was effective until June 30, 2019.
With effect from July 1, 2019, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019,
read with circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 with respect to Bids by IIs
through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), the prior process of physical movement of forms from
such Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds was discontinued and only the UPI Mechanism
for such Bids with a timeline of T+6 days was mandated for a period of three months or launch of five main board
public issues, whichever was later (“UPI Phase II”). Subsequently, SEBI vide its circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020 extended the timeline for implementation of UPI
Phase II till further notice. Furthermore, pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45
dated April 5, 2022, SEBI has increased the UPI limit from ₹ 2.00 lakhs to ₹5.00 lakhs for all the individual
investors applying in public issues. All individual Bidders in initial public offerings whose application sizes are
up to ₹0.50 million shall use the UPI Mechanism. Pursuant to SEBI circular
SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 (“T+3 Circular”), the final reduced timeline of T+3
days for applications by UPI Bidders (“UPI Phase III”) was made voluntary for public issues opening on or
after September 1, 2023, and has been made mandatory for public issues opening on or after December 1, 2023.
This Issue will be undertaken pursuant to the processes and procedures under UPI Phase III on mandatory basis,
subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time.
The SEBI ICDR Master Circular has consolidated and rescinded the aforementioned circulars, to the extent they
relate to the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The SEBI ICDR Master Circular has prescribed certain additional measures
for streamlining the process of initial public offers and redressing investor grievances. The provisions of the SEBI
ICDR Master Circular are deemed to form part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The SEBI RTA Master
Circular has consolidated the aforementioned circulars (excluding SEBI circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023) and rescinded these circulars to the extent relevant
for the RTAs. Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022,
applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public offerings shall be processed only after application
monies are blocked in the bank accounts of investors (all categories). In terms of Regulation 23(5) and Regulation
52 of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the timelines and processes mentioned in the SEBI RTA Master Circular and the
SEBI ICDR Master Circular shall continue to form part of the agreements being signed between the
intermediaries involved in the public issuance process and lead managers shall continue to coordinate with
intermediaries involved in the said process.
SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-TPD-1/P/CIR/2024/5 dated May 24, 2024 (“AV Circular”) has
introduced the disclosure of audiovisual presentation of disclosures made in Offer Documents. Pursuant to the
AV Circular, investors are advised not to rely on any other document, content or information provided in respect
to the public issue on the internet/online websites/social media platforms/micro-blogging platforms by
finfluencers. Further, investors are advised to rely only on the information contained in the Red Herring

                                                        284
Prospectus and the pre-Issue and Price Band advertisement for making investment decision.
The BRLM shall be the nodal entity for any issues arising out of the public issuance process.
In case of any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI
Mechanism) exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date, the Bidder shall be compensated as
per the timelines prescribed under the applicable law. The liability shall be fixed by the intermediaries responsible
for such delays and shall bear compensation as per applicable law. The BRLM shall coordinate with
intermediaries and exchanges and report any non-adherence. Further, Bidders shall be entitled to compensation
in the manner specified in the SEBI Master circular no. SEBI/ HO/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026
dated February 06, 2024 (“SEBI RTA Master Circular”), in case of delays in resolving investor grievances in
relation to blocking/unblocking of funds.
Bidders are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that their Bids are submitted in
accordance with applicable laws and do not exceed the investment limits or maximum number of the Equity Shares
that can be held by them under applicable law or as specified in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Red
Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus. The BRLM shall be the nodal entity for any issues arising out of public
issuance process.

BOOK BUILDING PROCEDURE
The Issue is being made in terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR read with Regulation 252 of the SEBI ICDR
Regulations, through the Book Building Process in accordance with Regulation 229(1) of the SEBI ICDR
Regulations.
The Allocation to the public shall be made in accordance with Regulation 253 of the SEBI ICDR, wherein not
more than 50% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to QIBs, provided that
our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Portion to Anchor Investors on a
discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be
reserved for domestic mutual funds and life insurance companies and pension funds, out of which 33.33% shall
be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or
above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription, or non-allocation in the Anchor
Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares shall be added to the Net QIB Portion.
Further, 5% of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis only to Mutual
Funds, and the remainder of the Net QIB Portion shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all
QIBs (other than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the
Issue Price. Further, not less than 15% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Non-Institutional
Investors (of which one third of the Non-Institutional Portion shall be reserved for Bidders with an application
size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10.00 Lakhs; and two-thirds of the
Non-Institutional Portion shall be reserved for Bidders with an application size of more than ₹10.00 Lakhs) and
not less than 35% of the Net Issue shall be available for allocation to Individual Investors in accordance with the
SEBI ICDR Regulations, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price
Subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price, undersubscription, if any, in any category, except
the QIB Portion, would be allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or a combination of
categories at the discretion of our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, and the Designated Stock Exchange.
However, under-subscription, if any, in the QIB Portion will not be allowed to be met with spill-over from other
categories or a combination of categories.
The Equity Shares, on Allotment, shall be traded only in the dematerialized segment of the Stock Exchange.
Investors must ensure that their PAN is linked with Aadhaar and are in compliance with the notification
by the CBDT dated February 13, 2020 read with press releases dated June 25, 2021 and September 17,
2021, CBDT circular no. 7 of 2022, dated March 30, 2022, press release dated March 28, 2023 and any
subsequent press releases in this regard.

Bidders should note that the Equity Shares will be Allotted to all successful Bidders only in dematerialized
form. The Bid cum Application Forms which do not have the details of the Bidders’ depository account,
including DP ID, Client ID, PAN and UPI ID, as applicable, shall be treated as incomplete and will be
rejected. Bidders will not have the option of being Allotted Equity Shares in physical form. However, they
may get the Equity Shares dematerialized subsequent to Allotment of the Equity Shares in the issue, subject
to applicable laws.


                                                        285
PHASED IMPLEMENTATION OF UNIFIED PAYMENTS INTERFACE
SEBI has issued the UPI Circulars in relation to streamlining the process of public issue of, inter alia, equity
shares. Pursuant to the UPI Circulars, the UPI Mechanism has been introduced in a phased manner as a payment
mechanism (in addition to mechanism of blocking funds in the account maintained with SCSBs under ASBA) for
applications by UPI Bidders through Designated Intermediaries with the objective to reduce the time duration
from public issue closure to listing from six Working Days to up to three Working Days. The SEBI in the T+3
Circular, has reduced the time period for listing of equity shares pursuant to a public Issue from six Working
Days to three Working Days. The timeline was applicable on a voluntary basis for public issues opening on or
after September 1, 2023 and has been made applicable on a mandatory basis for public issues opening on or after
December 01, 2023. Considering the time required for making necessary changes to the systems and to ensure
complete and smooth transition to the UPI payment mechanism, the UPI Circulars have introduced the UPI
Mechanism in three phases in the following manner:
Phase I: This phase was applicable from January 01, 2019 until March 31, 2019 or floating of five main board
public issues, whichever was later. Subsequently, the timeline for implementation of Phase I was extended until
June 30, 2019. Under this phase, a IB had the option to submit the ASBA Form with any of the Designated
Intermediary and use his/ her UPI ID for the purpose of blocking of funds. The time duration from public issue
closure to listing continued to be six Working Days.
Phase II: This phase became applicable from July 0l, 2019 and was to initially continue for a period of three
months or floating of five main board public issues, whichever is later. SEBI vide its circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019 had decided to extend the timeline for
implementation of UPI Phase II until March 31, 2020. Subsequently, SEBI vide its circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020 had extended the timeline for implementation of UPI
Phase II until further notice. Under this phase, submission of the ASBA Form by IBs through Designated
Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and replaced by the
UPI Mechanism. However, the time duration from public issue closure to listing continued to be six Working
Days during this phase.
SEBI through its circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 05, 2022, prescribed that all individual
bidders applying in Initial Public Offerings opening on or after May 01, 2022, where the application amount is
up to ₹500,000, shall use UPI. Individual investors bidding under the Non-Institutional Portion bidding for more
than ₹200,000 and up to ₹500,000, using the UPI Mechanism, shall provide their UPI ID in the Bid cum-
Application Form for Bidding through Syndicate, sub-syndicate members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs,
or online using the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by
certain brokers.
Phase III: This phase became applicable on a voluntary basis for all issues opening on or after September 1,
2023 and on a mandatory basis for all issues opening on or after December 1, 2023, vide the T+3 Circular. In this
phase, the time duration from public issue closure to listing has been reduced to three Working Days. The SEBI
ICDR Master Circular, has consolidated and rescinded the aforementioned circulars, including the T+3
Notification, to the extent they relate to the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Issue shall be undertaken pursuant to
the processes and procedures as notified in the SEBI ICDR Master Circular as applicable, subject to any circulars,
clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time, including any circular, clarification or
notification which may be issued by the SEBI.
The processing fees for applications made by UPI Bidders may be released to the SCSBs only after such banks
provide a written confirmation, in compliance with the format as prescribed by SEBI, from time to time, including
in compliance with the SEBI RTA Master Circular and the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, and such payment of
processing fees to the SCSBs shall be made in compliance with circulars prescribed by SEBI and applicable law.
All SCSBs issuing facility of making application in public issues shall also provide facility to make application
using UPI. Our Company will be required to appoint one of the SCSBs as the Sponsor Bank(s) to act as a conduit
between the Stock Exchanges and NPCI in order to facilitate collection of requests and / or payment instructions
of the UPI Bidders.
SEBI has set out specific requirements in the SEBI ICDR Master Circular for redressal of investor grievances for
applications that have been made through the UPI Mechanism. The requirements of the SEBI ICDR Master
Circular include, appointment of a nodal officer by the SCSB and submission of their details to SEBI,
the requirement for SCSBs to send short message service (“SMS”) alerts for the blocking and unblocking of UPI
mandates, the requirement for the Registrar to submit details of cancelled, withdrawn or deleted applications, and
the requirement for the bank accounts of unsuccessful Bidders to be unblocked no later than one Working Day


                                                       286
from the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalised. Failure to unblock the accounts within the timeline
would result in the SCSBs being penalised under the relevant securities law. Further, in terms of the SEBI ICDR
Master Circular, the payment of processing fees to the SCSBs shall be undertaken pursuant to an application
made by the SCSBs to the BRLM, and such application shall be made only after (i) unblocking of application
amounts for each application received by the SCSB has been fully completed, and (ii) applicable compensation
relating to investor complaints has been paid by the SCSB.
The processing fees for applications made by UPI Bidders may be released to the remitter banks (SCSBs) only
after such banks provide a written confirmation on compliance with the SEBI ICDR Master Circular SEBI Master
circular no. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(2)2026-CFD-POD2/I/4518/2026 dated February 09, 2026 and NPCI vide
circular reference no. NPCI/UPI/OC No. 127/ 2021-22 dated December 9, 2021, inter alia, has enhanced the per
transaction limit in UPI from more than ₹20 Lakhs to ₹50 Lakhs for UPI based ASBA in initial public offerings.

For further details, refer to the General Information Document available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges
and the BRLM. Additionally, if there is any delay in the redressal of investors’ complaints, the relevant SCSB as
well as the BRLM will be required to compensate the concerned investor.

BID CUM APPLICATION FORM
Copies of the Bid cum Application Form (other than for Anchor Investors) and the Abridged Prospectus will be
available with the Designated Intermediaries at the relevant Bidding Centres, and our Registered and Corporate
Office. Electronic copies of the Bid cum Application Forms will also available for download on the website of
BSE (www.bseindia.com) at least one day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date.
Copies of the Anchor Investor Application Form will be available at the offices of the BRLM.
All Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) shall mandatorily participate in the Issue only through the ASBA
process. ASBA Bidders must provide either (i) the bank account details and authorisation to block funds in the
ASBA Form, or (ii) the UPI ID, as applicable, in the relevant space provided in the ASBA Form. The ASBA
Forms that do not contain such details are liable to be rejected. Applications made by the Individual Investors
using third party bank account or using third party linked bank account UPI ID are liable for rejection. Anchor
Investors are not permitted to participate in the Issue through the ASBA process. ASBA Bidders shall ensure that
the Bids are made on ASBA Forms bearing the stamp of the relevant Designated Intermediary, submitted at the
relevant Bidding Centres only (except in case of electronic ASBA Forms) and the ASBA Forms not bearing such
specified stamp are liable to be rejected. Since the Issue is made under Phase III of the UPI Circulars, ASBA
Bidders may submit the ASBA Form in the manner below:

 i.       Individual Investors (other than the Individual Investors using UPI Mechanism) may submit their
          ASBA Forms with SCSBs (physically or online, as applicable), or online using the facility of linked
          online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by certain brokers.

 ii.      Individual Investors using the UPI Mechanism, may submit their ASBA Forms with the Syndicate,
          sub-syndicate members, Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs, or online using the facility of linked
          online trading, demat and bank account (3 in 1 type accounts), provided by certain brokers.

 iii.     QIBs and NIBs may submit their ASBA Forms with SCSBs, Syndicate, sub-syndicate members,
          Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs

ANCHOR INVESTORS ARE NOT PERMITTED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ISSUE THROUGH THE
ASBA PROCESS
For Anchor Investors, the Anchor Investor Application Form will be available at the office of the BRLM. ASBA
Bidders are also required to ensure that the ASBA Account has sufficient credit balance as an amount equivalent
to the full Bid Amount which can be blocked by the SCSB.
The prescribed colour of the Bid cum Application Form for the various categories is as follows:


 Category                                                                                 Colour of Bid cum
                                                                                          Application Form*
 Resident Indians, including resident QIBs, NIBs, IBs and Eligible NRIs applying on a              [●]


                                                      287
 Category                                                                                 Colour of Bid cum
                                                                                          Application Form*
 non-repatriation basis
 Eligible NRIs, FVCIs, FPIs and registered bilateral and multilateral institutions
                                                                                                   [●]
 applying on a repatriation basis
 Anchor Investors                                                                                  [●]
*Excluding electronic Bid cum Application Forms.
Notes:
1. Electronic Bid cum Application forms and the Abridged Prospectus will also be for download on the websites
    of BSE (vww.bseindia.com)
2. Bid cum Application Forms for Anchor Investors shall be available at the office of the BRLM.
Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) after accepting Bid Cum Application Form submitted by
Individual Investors (without using UPI for payment), NIIs and QIBs shall capture and upload the relevant details
in the electronic bidding system of stock exchange(s) and shall submit/deliver the Bid Cum Application Forms
to respective SCSBs where the Bidders has a bank account and shall not submit it to any non-SCSB Bank.
The Equity Shares issued will not be registered, listed or otherwise qualified in any jurisdiction except
India and may not be issued or sold to persons outside of India except in compliance with the applicable
laws of each such jurisdiction. In particular, the Equity Shares have not been and will not be registered
under the U.S. Securities Act or any other applicable law of the United States and, unless so registered,
may not be issued or sold within the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state
securities laws. Accordingly, the Equity Shares are only being issued and sold outside the United States in
offshore transactions as defined in and in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act and the
applicable laws of the jurisdictions where those issue and sales occur.
Further, for applications submitted to designated intermediaries (other than SCSBs), with use of UPI for payment,
after accepting the Bid Cum Application Form, respective intermediary shall capture and upload the relevant
application details, including UPI ID, in the electronic bidding system of stock exchange(s).


Bidders shall only use the specified Bid Cum Application Form for making an Application in terms of the Draft
Red Herring Prospectus.

The Bid Cum Application Form shall contain information about the Bidder and the price and the number of Equity
Shares that the Bidders wish to apply for. Bid Cum Application Forms downloaded and printed from the websites
of the Stock Exchange shall bear a system generated unique application number. Bidders are required to ensure
that the ASBA Account has sufficient credit balance as an amount equivalent to the full Application Amount can
be blocked by the SCSB or Sponsor Bank at the time of submitting the Application.

ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION OF BIDS
1.   The Designated Intermediaries will register the applications using the online facilities of the Stock
     Exchange.

2.   The Designated Intermediaries will undertake modification of selected fields in the application details
     already uploaded before 4.00 p.m. of the Issue Closing Date.

3.   The Designated Intermediaries shall be responsible for any acts, mistakes or errors or omissions and
     commissions in relation to,

     a.   the applications accepted by them,
     b.   the applications uploaded by them
     c.   the applications accepted but not uploaded by them or
     d.   With respect to applications by Bidders, applications accepted and uploaded by any Designated
          Intermediary other than SCSBs, the Bid Cum Application Form along with relevant schedules shall
          be sent to the SCSBs or the Designated Branch of the relevant SCSBs for blocking of funds and they
          will be responsible for blocking the necessary amounts in the ASBA Accounts. In case of Application
          accepted and Uploaded by SCSBs, the SCSBs or the Designated Branch of the relevant SCSBs will
          be responsible for blocking the necessary amounts in the ASBA Accounts.

                                                      288
4.   Neither the Book Running Lead Manager nor our Company nor the Registrar to the Issue, shall be
     responsible for any acts, mistakes or errors or omission and commissions in relation to,
     (i) The applications accepted by any Designated Intermediaries
     (ii) The applications uploaded by any Designated Intermediaries or
     (iii) The applications accepted but not uploaded by any Designated Intermediaries

5.   The Stock Exchange will issue an electronic facility for registering applications for the Issue. This facility
     will available at the terminals of Designated Intermediaries and their authorized agents during the issue
     Period. The Designated Branches or agents of Designated Intermediaries can also set up facilities for off-
     line electronic registration of applications subject to the condition that they will subsequently upload the
     off-line data file into the online facilities on a regular basis. On the Issue Closing Date, the Designated
     Intermediaries shall upload the applications till such time as may be permitted by the Stock Exchange. This
     information will be available with the Book Running Lead Manager on a regular basis.

6.   With respect to applications by Bidders, at the time of registering such applications, the Syndicate Bakers,
     DPs and RTAs shall forward a Schedule as per format given below along with the Bid Cum Application
     Forms to Designated Branches of the SCSBs for blocking of funds:

 S. No.           Details*
 1.               Symbol
 2.               Intermediary Code
 3.               Location Code
 4.               Application No.
 5.               Category
 6.               PAN
 7.               DP ID
 8.               Client ID
 9.               Quantity
 10.              Amount
*Stock Exchanges shall uniformly prescribe character length for each of the above-mentioned fields

7.   With respect to applications by Bidders, at the time of registering such applications, the Designated
     Intermediaries shall enter the following information pertaining to the Bidders into in the on-line system:

     •    Name of the Bidder;
     •    IPO Name:
     •    Bid Cum Application Form Number;
     •    Investor Category;
     •    PAN (of First Bidder, if more than one Bidder);
     •    DP ID of the demat account of the Bidder;
     •    Client Identification Number of the demat account of the Bidder;
     •    Number of Equity Shares Applied for;
     •    Bank Account details;
     •    Locations of the Bankers to the Issue or Designated Branch, as applicable, and bank code of the
          SCSB branch where the ASBA Account is maintained; and
     •    Bank account number.

8.   In case of submission of the Application by a Bidder through the Electronic Mode, the Bidder shall
     complete the abovementioned details and mention the bank account number, except the Electronic ASBA
     Bid Cum Application Form number which shall be system generated.

9.   The aforesaid Designated Intermediaries shall, at the time of receipt of application, give an acknowledgment
     to the investor, by giving the counter foil or specifying the application number to the investor, as a proof of
     having accepted the Bid Cum Application Form in physical as well as electronic mode. The registration of
     the Application by the Designated Intermediaries does not guarantee that the Equity Shares shall be allocated
     / allotted either by our Company.

10. Such Acknowledgement will be non-negotiable and by itself will not create any obligation of any kind.


                                                        289
11. In case of Non-Institutional Bidders and Individual Bidders, applications would not be rejected except on the
    technical grounds as mentioned in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The Designated Intermediaries shall
    have no right to reject applications, except on technical grounds.

12. The permission given by the Stock Exchanges to use their network and software of the Online IPO system
    should not in any way be deemed or construed to mean that the compliance with various statutory and other
    requirements by our Company and/or the Book Running Lead Manager are cleared or approved by the Stock
    Exchanges; nor does it in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of any of
    the compliance with the statutory and other requirements nor does it take any responsibility for the financial
    or other soundness of our company; our Promoter, our management or any scheme or project of our Company;
    nor does it in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of any of the contents
    of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor does it warrant that the Equity Shares will be listed or will continue
    to be listed on the Stock Exchanges.

13. The Designated Intermediaries will be given time till 5.00 p.m. on the Bid/Issue Closing Date to verify the
    DP ID and Client ID uploaded in the online IPO system during the Issue Period, after which the Registrar to
    the Issue will receive this data from the Stock Exchange and will validate the electronic application details
    with Depository’s records. In case no corresponding record is available with Depositories, which matches the
    three parameters, namely DP ID, Client ID and PAN, then such applications are liable to be rejected.

14. The SCSBs send confirmation of funds blocked (Final Certificate) to the Registrar to the Issue.

15. The details uploaded in the online IPO system shall be considered as final and Allotment will be based on
    such details for applications.


Participation by the Promoters, Promoter Group, the BRLM, the Syndicate Member(s) and persons
related to the Promoters/Promoter Group/the BRLM
Except as stated below, neither the BRLM nor any associate of the Book Running Lead Manager can apply in
the Issue under the Anchor Investor Portion:
1.   Mutual Funds sponsored by entities which are associate of the BRLM;
2.   Insurance companies promoted by entities which are associate of the BRLM;
3.   AIFs sponsored by the entities which are associate of the BRLM; or
4.   FPIs (other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices) sponsored by the entities which are
     associate of the BRLM.
5.   Pension funds (registered with the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority established
     under.
6.   Section 3(1) of the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 2013, subject to applicable
     laws, with minimum corpus of ₹2500.00 Lakhs) sponsored by entities which are associates of the BRLM.

Further, the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group shall not participate by applying for Equity Shares
in the Issue. Further, persons related to the Promoters and the member of the Promoter Group shall not apply
in the Issue under the Anchor Investor Portion.

BIDS BY MUTUAL FUNDS
No Mutual Fund scheme shall invest more than 10% of its net asset value in equity shares or equity related
instruments of any single company provided that the limit of 10% shall not be applicable for investments in
index funds or sector or industry specific funds. No Mutual Fund under all its schemes should own more than
10% of any company’s paid-up share capital carrying voting rights.
With respect to Bids by Mutual Funds, a certified copy of their SEBI registration certificate must be lodged
with the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company reserves the right to accept or reject any Bid
cum Application in whole or in part, in either case, without assigning any reason thereof.
In case of a mutual fund, a separate Bid cum Application can be made in respect of each scheme of the mutual
fund registered with SEBI and such Applications in respect of more than one scheme of the mutual fund will
not be treated as multiple applications provided that the Bids clearly indicate the scheme concerned for which
the Bids has been made.


                                                        290
The Bids made by the asset management companies or custodians of Mutual Funds shall specifically state the
names of the concerned schemes for which the Applications are made.

BIDS BY ELIGIBLE NRIS
Eligible NRIs Bidding on non-repatriation basis are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form for residents
([●] in colour). Eligible NRIs Bidding on a repatriation basis are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form
meant for Non-Residents ([●] in colour). Only Bids accompanied by payment in Indian Rupees or freely
convertible foreign exchange will be considered for Allotment. Eligible NRIs may obtain copies of Bid cum
Application Form from the Designated Intermediaries.
Eligible NRI Bidders Bidding on a repatriation basis by using the Non-Resident forms should authorize their
SCSB (if they are Bidding directly through the SCSB) or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of
UPI Bidders Bidding through the UPI Mechanism) to block their Non-Resident External (“NRE”) accounts, or
Foreign Currency Non-Resident (“FCNR”) Accounts, and Eligible NRI Bidders Bidding on a non-repatriation
basis by using Resident Forms should authorize their respective SCSBs (if they are Bidding directly through
SCSB) or confirm or accept the UPI Mandate Request (in case of UPI Bidders Bidding through the UPI
Mechanism) to block their Non-Resident Ordinary (“NRO”) accounts for the full Bid Amount, at the time of the
submission of the Bid cum Application Form.
Eligible NRIs will be permitted to apply in the Issue through Channel I or Channel II (as specified in the UPI
Circulars). Further, subject to applicable law, Eligible NRIs may use Channel IV (as specified in the UPI
Circulars) to apply in the Issue, provided the UPI facility is enabled for their NRE/NRO accounts.
Participation of Eligible NRIs in the Issue shall be subject to the FEMA Rules.

For details of restrictions on investment by NRIs, please refer to the chapter titled “Restrictions on Foreign
Ownership of Indian Securities” beginning on page 306 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

BIDS BY HUFS
Bids by Hindu Undivided Families or HUFs should be made in the individual name of the Karta. The Bidder
should specify that the Bid is being made in the name of the HUF in the Bid cum Application Form/Application
Form as follows: "Name of sole or First Bidder: XYZ Hindu Undivided Family applying through XYZ, where
XYZ is the name of the Karta". Bids by HUFs will be considered at par with Bids from individuals.

BIDS BY FPIs INCLUDING FII’s
In terms of the SEBI FPI Regulations, the investment in Equity Shares by a single FPI or an investor group (which
means multiple entities registered as FPIs and directly or indirectly having common ownership of more than 50%
or common control) must be below 10% of our post-Issue Equity Share capital. Further, in terms of the FEMA
Non-Debt Instruments Rules, the total holding by each FPI or an investor group shall be below 10% of the total
paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company and the total holdings of all of all FPIs put together shall not exceed
24% of the paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. The aggregate limit of 24% may be increased up to the
sectoral cap by way of a resolution passed by the Board of Directors followed by a special resolution passed by
the Shareholders of our Company and subject to prior intimation to RBI. In terms of the FEMA Regulations, for
calculating the aggregate holding of FPIs in a company, holding of all registered FPIs as well as holding of FIIs
(being deemed FPIs) shall be included.
In case of Bids made by FPIs, a certified copy of the certificate of registration issued by the designated depository
participant under the FPI Regulations is required to be attached to the Bid cum Application Form, failing which
our Company reserves the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason. An FII or subaccount may, subject
to payment of conversion fees under the SEBI FPI Regulations, participate in the Issue, until the expiry of its
registration as a FII or sub-account, or until it obtains a certificate of registration as FPI, whichever is earlier.
Further, in case of Bids made by SEBI-registered FIIs or sub-accounts, which are not registered as FPIs, a certified
copy of the certificate of registration as an FII issued by SEBI is required to be attached to the Bid cum Application
Form, failing which our Company reserves the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason. FPIs who
wish to participate in the Issue are advised to use the Bid cum Application Form for Non-Residents ([●] in colour).
FPIs are permitted to participate in the Issue subject to compliance with conditions and restrictions which may be
specified by the Government from time to time.

To ensure compliance with the applicable limits, SEBI, pursuant to Master Circular no.
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD1/P/CIR/2023/70 dated May 17, 2023 (to the extent applicable), has directed that at the

                                                         291
time of finalization of the Basis of Allotment, the Registrar to the Issue shall:

1. use the PAN issued by the Income Tax Department of India for checking compliance for a single FPI;and
2. obtain validation from Depositories for the FPIs who have invested in the Issue to ensure there is no breach of
   the investment limit, within the timelines for Issue procedure, as prescribed by SEBI from time to time.

Subject to compliance with all applicable Indian laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals in terms of
Regulation 21 of the SEBI FPI Regulations, an FPI is permitted to issue, subscribe to, or otherwise deal in offshore
derivative instruments, directly or indirectly, only if it complies with the following conditions: (i) such offshore
derivative instruments are issued only by persons registered as Category I FPIs, (ii) such offshore derivative
instruments are issued only to persons eligible for registration as Category I FPIs, (iii) such offshore derivative
instruments are issued after compliance with “know your client” norms as specified by SEBI, and (iv) such other
conditions as may be specified by SEBI from time to time.

An FPI issuing offshore derivate instruments is also required to ensure that any transfer of offshore derivative
instrument is made by, or on behalf of it subject to, among others, the following conditions:

1. each offshore derivative instrument is transferred to persons subject to fulfilment of SEBI FPI Regulations; and
2. prior consent of the FPI is obtained for such transfer, except when the persons to whom the offshore derivative
   instruments are to be transferred to are pre-approved by the FPI.

Further, Bids by following FPIs, submitted with the same PAN but with different beneficiary account numbers,
Client IDs and DP IDs may not be regarded as multiple Bids:

1. FPIs that utilize the multi-investment manager (MIM Structure) structure;
2. Offshore derivative instruments (“ODI”) which have obtained separate FPI registration for ODI and
   proprietary derivative investments;
3. Sub funds or separate class of investors with segregated portfolio who obtain separate FPI registration;
4. FPI registrations granted at investment strategy level/sub fund level where a collective investment scheme or
   fund has multiple investment strategies/sub-funds with identifiable differences and managed by a single
   investment manager;
5. Multiple branches in different jurisdictions of foreign bank registered as FPIs;
6. Government and Government related investors registered as Category I FPIs; and
7. Entities registered as collective investment scheme having multiple share classes.

The Bids belonging to the aforesaid seven structures and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a
single Bid in the Bidding process. The Equity Shares allotted in the Bid may be proportionately distributed to the
Bidder FPIs (with same PAN). In order to ensure valid Bids, FPIs making multiple Bids using the same PAN, and
with different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs and DP IDs, are required to provide a confirmation along
with each of their Bid cum Application Forms that the relevant FPIs making multiple Bids utilize any of the above-
mentioned structures and indicate the name of their respective investment managers in such confirmation. In the
absence of such confirmation from the relevant FPIs, such multiple Bids shall be rejected.

For details of investment by FPIs, please refer to the chapter titled “Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian
Securities” beginning on page 306 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

There is no reservation for Eligible NRI Bidders, AIFs and FPIs. All Bidders will be treated on the same
basis with other categories for the purpose of allocation. The FPIs who wish to participate in the Issue are
advised to use the Bid cum Application Form for non-residents, and such participation in the Issue will be
subject to the FEMA Rules.

BIDS UNDER POWER OF ATTORNEY
In case of Bids made pursuant to a power of attorney or by limited companies, corporate bodies, registered
societies, FIIs, Mutual Funds, insurance companies and provident funds with a minimum corpus of ₹ 2500.00
Lakhs (subject to applicable law) and pension funds with a minimum corpus of ₹2500.00 Lakhs, a certified copy
of the power of attorney or the relevant resolution or authority, as the case may be, along with a certified copy of
the memorandum of association and articles of association and/or bye laws must be lodged along with the Bid
cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company reserves the right to accept or reject any Bid in whole or in
part, in either case, without assigning any reasons thereof. In addition to the above, certain additional documents


                                                         292
are required to be submitted by the following entities:
a) With respect to Bids by FIIs and Mutual Funds, a certified copy of their SEBI registration certificate must be
   lodged along with the Bid cum Application Form.
b) With respect to Bids by insurance companies registered with the Insurance Regulatory and Development
   Authority, in addition to the above, a certified copy of the certificate of registration issued by the Insurance
   Regulatory and Development Authority must be lodged along with the Bid cum Application Form.
c) With respect to Bids made by provident funds with a minimum corpus of ₹2500.00 Lakhs (subject to
   applicable law) and pension funds with a minimum corpus of ₹2500.00 Lakhs, a certified copy of a certificate
   from a chartered accountant certifying the corpus of the provident fund/pension fund must be lodged along
   with the Bid cum Application Form.
d) With respect to Bids made by limited liability partnerships registered under the Limited Liability Partnership
   Act, 2008, a certified copy of certificate of registration issued under the Limited Liability Partnership Act,
   2008, must be attached to the Bid cum Application Form.
e) Our Company in consultation with the BRLM in their absolute discretion, reserves the right to relax the above
   condition of simultaneous lodging of the power of attorney along with the Bid cum Application form, subject
   to such terms and conditions that our Company and the BRLM may deem fit.

The above information is given for the benefit of the Bidders. Our Company, the BRLM and the Syndicate
Members are not liable for any amendments or modification or changes in applicable laws or regulations, which
may occur after the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Bidders are advised to make their independent
investigations and Bidders are advised to ensure that any single Bid from them does not exceed the applicable
investment limits or maximum number of Equity Shares that can be held by them under applicable law or
regulation or as specified in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

BIDS BY SEBI REGISTERED VCFS, AIFS AND FVCIS
The SEBI AIF Regulations prescribe, among other things, the investment restrictions on AIFs. The SEBI VCF
Regulations and the SEBI FVCI Regulations prescribe, among other things, the investment restrictions on
VCFs and FVCIs, respectively, registered with SEBI. While the SEBI VCF Regulations have since been
repealed, the funds registered as VCFs under the SEBI VCF Regulations continue to be regulated by the SEBI
VCF Regulations until the existing fund or scheme managed by the fund is wound up and such fund shall not
launch any new scheme after the notification of the SEBI AIF Regulations. The holding in any company by
any individual VCF or FVCI registered with SEBI should not exceed 25% of the corpus of the VCF of FVCI.
Further, VCFs and FVCIs can invest only up to 33.33% of the investible funds in various prescribed
instruments, including in public Offering.
The category I and II AIFs cannot invest more than 25% of the corpus in one Investee Company. A category
III AIF cannot invest more than 10% of the corpus in one Investee Company. A venture capital fund registered
as a category I AIF, as defined in the SEBI AIF Regulations, cannot invest more than 1/3rd of its corpus by
way of subscription to an initial public Offerings of a venture capital undertaking. Additionally, the VCFs
which have not re-registered as an AIF under the SEBI AIF Regulations shall continue to be regulated by the
VCF Regulation until the existing fund or scheme managed by the fund is wound up and such funds shall not
launch any new scheme after the notification of the SEBI AIF Regulations.
All FIIs and FVCIs should note that refunds, dividends and other distributions, if any, will be payable in Indian
Rupees only and net of Bank charges and commission. Our Company or the BRLM will not be responsible for
loss, if any, incurred by the Bidder on account of conversion of foreign currency.

There is no reservation for Eligible NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs and all Bidders will be treated on the same basis
with other categories for the purpose of allocation.

BIDS BY LIMITED LIABILITY PARTNERSHIPS

In case of Bids made by limited liability partnerships registered under the Limited Liability Partnership Act,
2008, a certified copy of certificate of registration issued under the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008,
must be attached to the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our Company, in consultation with the BRLM
reserve the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof, subject to applicable Law.

BIDS BY BANKING COMPANIES


                                                          293
In case of Bids made by banking companies registered with RBI, certified copies of: (i) the certificate of
registration issued by RBI, and (ii) the approval of such banking company’s investment committee are required
to be attached to the Bid cum Application Form, failing which our Company, in consultation with the BRLM
reserve the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason thereof, subject to applicable law.
The investment limit for banking companies in non-financial services companies as per the as per the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949, as amended, (“Banking Regulation Act”), and the Master Directions - Reserve Bank
of India (Financial Services provided by Banks) Directions, 2016, as amended, is 10% of the paid -up share
capital of the investee company, not being its subsidiary engaged in non-financial services, or 10% of the bank’s
own paid-up share capital and reserves, whichever is lower.
However, a banking company would be permitted to invest in excess of 10% but not exceeding 30% of the
paid up share capital of such investee company, subject to prior approval of the RBI if (i) the investee company
is engaged in non-financial activities permitted for banking companies in terms of Section 6(1) of the Banking
Regulation Act; or (ii) the additional acquisition is through restructuring of debt, or to protect the banking
company’s interest on loans/investments made to a company. The bank is required to submit a time-bound
action plan to the RBI for the disposal of such shares within a specified period. The aggregate investment by a
banking company along with its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures or entities directly or indirectly
controlled by the bank; and mutual funds managed by asset management companies controlled by the bank,
more than 20% of the investee company’s paid up share capital engaged in non-financial services. However,
this cap doesn’t apply to the cases mentioned in (i) and (ii) above. The aggregate equity investments made by
a banking company in all subsidiaries and other entities engaged in financial services and non-financial
services, including overseas investments shall not exceed 20% of the bank’s paid-up share capital and reserves.

In terms of the Master Circular on Basel III Capital Regulations dated July 01, 2014, as amended (i) a bank’s
investment in the capital instruments issued by banking, financial and insurance entities should not exceed 10%
of its capital funds; (ii) banks should not acquire any fresh stake in a bank's equity shares, if by such acquisition,
the investing bank's holding exceeds 5% of the investee bank's equity capital; (iii) equity investment by a bank
in a subsidiary company, financial services company, financial institution, stock and other exchanges should
not exceed 10% of the bank's paid-up share capital and reserves; (iv) equity investment by a bank in companies
engaged in non-financial services activities would be subject to a limit of 10% of the investee company’s paid-
up share capital or 10% of the bank’s paid-up share capital and reserves, whichever is less; and (v) a banking
company is restricted from holding shares in any company, whether as pledgee, mortgagee or absolute owner,
of an amount exceeding 30% of the paid-up share capital of that company or 30% of its own paid-up share
capital and reserves, whichever is less. For details in relation to the investment limits under Master Direction –
Ownership in Private Sector Banks, Directions, 2016, please refer to the chapter titled “Key Industry
Regulations” beginning on page 192 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

BIDS BY SCSBS
SCSBs participating in the Issue are required to comply with the terms of the SEBI circulars dated September
13, 2012 and January 02, 2013. Such SCSBs are required to ensure that for making Bid cum Applications on
their own account using ASBA, they should have a separate account in their own name with any other SEBI
registered SCSBs. Further, such account shall be used solely for the purpose of making Bid cum application in
public issues and clear demarcated funds should be available in such account for such Bid cum applications.

BIDS BY INSURANCE COMPANIES
The exposure norms in case of Bids made by insurance companies registered with the IRDAI, a certified copy of
certificate of registration issued by IRDAI must be attached to the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this, our
Company, in consultation with the BRLM, reserves the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason
thereof, subject to applicable law.
For insurers are prescribed under the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Actuarial,
Finance and Investment Functions of Insurers) Regulations, 2024, as amended (“IRDAI Investment
Regulations”), based on investments in the equity shares of a company, the entire group of the investee company
and the industry sector in which the investee company operates. Bidders are advised to refer to the IRDA
Investment Regulations for specific investment limits applicable to them.

BIDS BY PROVIDENT FUNDS/ PENSION FUNDS
In case of Bids made by provident funds with minimum corpus of ₹25.00 Lakhs (subject to applicable law) and
pension funds with minimum corpus of ₹2500.00 Lakhs, a certified copy of certificate from a chartered accountant

                                                         294
certifying the corpus of the provident fund/ pension fund must be lodged along with the Bid cum Application
Form. Failing this, the Company reserves the right to accept or reject any bid in whole or in part, in either case,
without assigning any reason thereof.

BIDS BY SYSTEMICALLY IMPORTANT NON-BANKING FINANCIAL COMPANIES
In case of Bids made by Systemically Important NBFCs registered with RBI, certified copies of: (i) the
certificate of registration issued by RBI, (ii) certified copy of its last audited financial statements on a standalone
basis and a net worth certificate from its statutory auditor, and (iii) such other approval as may be required by
the Systemically Important NBFCs, are required to be attached to the Bid cum Application Form. Failing this,
our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, reserve the right to reject any Bid without assigning any reason
thereof, subject to applicable law. Systemically Important NBFCs participating in the Issue shall comply with
all applicable regulations, guidelines and circulars issued by RBI from time to time.

The investment limit for Systemically Important NBFCs shall be as prescribed by RBI from time to time.

BIDS BY ANCHOR INVESTORS
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in addition to details and conditions mentioned in this section,
the key terms for participation by Anchor Investors are provided below:

1.   Anchor Investor Application Forms will be made available for the Anchor Investor Portion at the offices
     of the Book Running Lead Manager.

2.   The Bid must be for a minimum of such number of Equity Shares so that the Bid Amount exceeds ₹200.00
     Lakhs. A Bid cannot be submitted for over 60% of the QIB Portion. In case of a Mutual Fund, separate
     Bids by individual schemes of a Mutual Fund will be aggregated to determine the minimum application
     size of ₹200.00 Lakhs

3. 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic mutual funds and life insurance companies
   and pension funds, out of which 33.33% shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids
   being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price.

4.   Bidding for Anchor Investors will open one Working Day before the Bid/ Issue Opening Date and will be
     completed on the same day.

5.   Our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager will finalize allocation to the Anchor
     Investors on a discretionary basis, provided that the minimum number of Allottees in the Anchor Investor
     Portion will not be less than: (a) maximum of two Anchor Investors, where allocation under the Anchor
     Investor Portion is up to ₹200.00 Lakhs; (b) minimum of two and maximum of fifteen Anchor Investors,
     where the allocation under the Anchor Investor Portion is more than ₹200.00 Lakhs but up to ₹2,500.00
     Lakhs, subject to a minimum Allotment of ₹100.00 Lakhs per Anchor Investor; and (c) in case of allocation
     above ₹2,500.00 Lakhs under the Anchor Investor Portion, a minimum of five such investors and a
     maximum of 15 Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹2,500.00 Lakhs, and an additional 10 Anchor
     Investors for every additional ₹2,500.00 Lakhs, subject to minimum Allotment of ₹100.00 Lakhs per
     Anchor Investor.

6.   Allocation to Anchor Investors will be completed on the Anchor Investor Bidding Date. The number of
     Equity Shares allocated to Anchor Investors and the price at which the allocation is made, will be made
     available in the public domain by the Book Running Lead Manager before the Bid/ Issue Opening Date,
     through intimation to the Stock Exchanges.

7.   Anchor Investors cannot withdraw or lower the size of their Bids at any stage after submission of the Bid.

8.   If the Issue Price is greater than the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, the additional amount being the
     difference between the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Allocation Price will be payable by the Anchor
     Investors on the Anchor Investor Pay-in Date specified in the CAN. If the Issue Price is lower than the
     Anchor Investor Allocation Price, Allotment to successful Anchor Investors will be at the higher price, i.e.,
     the Anchor Investor Issue Price.



                                                         295
9.   50% of the Equity Shares Allotted to Anchor Investors in the Anchor Investor Portion shall be locked in
     for a period of 90 days from the date of Allotment and the remaining 50% of the Equity Shares Allotted to
     Anchor Investors will be locked in for a period of 30 days from the date of Allotment.

10. 50% of the Equity Shares Allotted to Anchor Investors in the Anchor Investor Portion shall be locked in
    for a period of 90 days from the date of Allotment, while the remaining 50% of the Equity Shares Allotted
    to Anchor Investors in the Anchor Investor Portion shall be locked in for a period of 30 days from the date
    of Allotment.

11. The BRLM, our Promoters, Promoter Group or any person related to them (except for Mutual Funds
    sponsored by entities related to the BRLM) will not participate in the Anchor Investor Portion. The
    parameters for selection of Anchor Investors will be clearly identified by the BRLM and made available
    as part of the records of the BRLM for inspection by SEBI.

12. Bids made by QIBs under both the Anchor Investor Portion and the QIB Portion will not be considered
    multiple Bids.

13. Anchor Investors are not permitted to Bid in the Issue through the ASBA process.

GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
Please note that none of the bidders will be permitted to withdraw their bids or lower the size of Bids in terms of
quantity of Equity Shares or Bid Amount) at any stage.
Anchor investors are not allowed to withdraw their Bids after Anchor Investors bidding date.

Do's:
1. Check if you are eligible to apply as per the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and under applicable law,
   rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals. All Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) should submit their
   Bids through the ASBA process only;
2. Ensure that you have Bid within the Price Band;
3. Read all the instructions carefully and complete the Bid cum Application Form, as the case may be, in the
   prescribed form;
4. Ensure that you (other than in the case of Anchor Investors) have mentioned the correct details of ASBA
   Account number (i.e. bank account number or UPI ID, as applicable) and PAN in the Bid cum Application
   Form if you are not an UPI Bidder using the UPI Mechanism in the Bid cum Application Form and if you
   are an UPI Bidder using the UPI Mechanism ensure that you have mentioned the correct UPI ID (with
   maximum length of 45 characters including the handle), in the Bid cum Application Form;
5. UPI Bidders using UPI Mechanism through the SCSBs and mobile applications shall ensure that the name
   of the bank appears in the list of SCSBs which are live on UPI, as displayed on the SEBI website. UPI
   Bidders shall ensure that the name of the app and the UPI handle which is used for making the application
   appears       in      the      list     available     on      the      website      of      SEBI       at
   www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=43 and updated from
   time to time and at such other websites as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time;
6. Ensure that your Bid cum Application Form bearing the stamp of a Designated Intermediary is submitted
   to the Designated Intermediary at the Bidding Centre (except in case of electronic Bids) within the
   prescribed time. Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) shall submit the Bid cum Application Form in the
   manner set out in the General Information Document;
7. Ensure that you have funds equal to the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account maintained with the SCSB,
   before submitting the ASBA Form to any of the Designated Intermediaries;
8. UPI Bidders using UPI Mechanism, may submit their ASBA Forms with the Syndicate Members,
   Registered Brokers, RTAs or CDPs and should ensure that the ASBA Form contains the stamp of such
   Designated Intermediary;
9. Ensure that the signature of the First Bidder in case of joint Bids, is included in the Bid cum Application
   Forms. If the First Bidder is not the ASBA Account holder, ensure that the Bid cum Application Form is
   signed by the ASBA Account holder. Ensure that you have mentioned the correct bank account number in
   the Bid cum Application Form;
10. Ensure that you request for and receive a stamped acknowledgement counterfoil of the Bid cum Application

                                                       296
   Form for all your Bid options from the concerned Designated Intermediary, if applicable;
11. Ensure that the name(s) given in the Bid cum Application Form is/are exactly the same as the name(s) in
    which the beneficiary account is held with the Depository Par1icipant. In case of joint Bids, the Bid cum
    Application Form should contain only the name of the First Bidder whose name should also appear as the
    first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names. Ensure that the signature of the First Bidder is
    included in the Bid cum Application Forms;
12. UPI Bidders in the Issue to ensure that they shall use only their own ASBA Account or only their own bank
   account linked UPI ID which is UPI 2.0 certified by NPCI to make an application in the Issue and not ASBA
   Account or bank account linked UPI ID of any third party;
13. Ensure that you submit the revised Bids to the same Designated Intermediary, through whom the original
    Bid was placed and obtain a revised acknowledgment;
14. IBs not using the UPI Mechanism, should submit their Bid cum Application Form directly with SCSBs
    and/or the designated branches of SCSBs;
15. Ensure that you have correctly signed the authorisation/undertaking box in the Bid cum Application Form,
    or have otherwise provided an authorisation to the SCSB or Sponsor Bank(s), as applicable, via the
    electronic mode, for blocking forms in the ASBA Account equivalent to the Bid Amount mentioned in the
    Bid cum Application Form, as the case may be, at the time of submission of the Bid. In case of UPI Bidders
    submitting their Bids and participating in the Issue through the UPI Mechanism, ensure that you authorise
    the UPI Mandate Request raised by the Sponsor Bank(s) for blocking of fonds equivalent to Bid Amount
    and subsequent debit of funds in case of Allotment;
16. Except for Bids (i) on behalf of the Central or State Governments and the officials appointed by the courts,
    who, in terms of the SEBI circular no. MRD/DoP/Cir-20/2008 dated June 30, 2008, may be exempt from
    specifying their PAN for transacting in the securities market, (ii) submitted by investors who are exempt
    from the requirement of obtaining/specifying their PAN for transacting in the securities market, and (iii)
    Bids by persons resident in the state of Sikkim, who, in terms of a SEBI circular dated July 20, 2006, may
    be exempted from specifying their PAN for transacting in the securities market, all Bidders should mention
    their PAN allotted under the Income Tax Act. The exemption for the Central or the State Government and
    officials appointed by the courts and for investors residing in the State of Sikkim is subject to (a) the
    Demographic Details received from the respective depositories confirming the exemption granted to the
    beneficiary owner by a suitable description in the PAN field and the beneficiary account remaining in
    "active status"; and (b) in the case of residents of Sikkim, the address as per the Demographic Details
    evidencing the same. All other applications in which PAN is not mentioned will be rejected;
17. Ensure that their PAN is linked with Aadhaar and are in compliance with the notification by the CBDT
    dated February 13, 2020 read with press releases dated June 25, 2021 and September 17, 2021, CBDT
    circular no. 7 of 2022, dated March 30, 2022, press release dated March 28, 2023, partial modification vide
    Circular No. 6 of 2024 dated April 23, 2024 and any subsequent press releases in this regard;
18. Ensure that the Demographic Details are updated, true and correct in all respects;
19. Ensure that thumb impressions and signatures other than in the languages specified in the Eighth Schedule
   to the Constitution of India are attested by a Magistrate or a Notary Public or a Special Executive Magistrate
   under official seal;
20. Ensure that the category and the investor status is indicated in the Bid cum Application Form;
21. Ensure that in case of Bids under power of attorney or by limited companies, corporates, trusts, etc., relevant
   documents are submitted;
22. Ensure that Bids submitted by any person resident outside India is in compliance with applicable foreign
   and Indian laws;
23. Since the Allotment will be in dematerialised form only, ensure that the Bidder’s depository account is
   active, the correct DP ID, Client ID, the PAN, UPI ID, if applicable, are mentioned in their Bid cum
   Application Form and that the name of the Bidder, the DP ID, Client ID, the PAN and UPI ID, if applicable,
   entered into the online IPO system of the Stock Exchanges by the relevant Designated Intermediary, as
   applicable, matches with the name, DP ID, Client ID, PAN and UPI ID, if applicable, available in the
   depository database;
24. Ensure that when applying in the Issue using UPI, the name of your SCSB appears in the list of SCSBs
   displayed on the SEBI website which are live on UPI;
25. UPI Bidders who wish to Bid using the UPI Mechanism, should submit Bid with the Designated
   Intermediaries, pursuant to which the UPI Bidder should ensure acceptance of the UPI Mandate Request
   received from the Sponsor Bank(s) to authorise blocking of funds equivalent to the revised Bid Amount in

                                                       297
   the UPI Bidder's ASBA Account;
26. Anchor Investors should submit the Anchor Investor Application Forms to the BRLM;
27. Ensure that you have accepted the UPI Mandate Request received from the Sponsor Bank(s) prior to 5:00
    p.m. on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date;
28. FPIs making MIM Bids using the same PAN, and different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs and
    DP IDs, are required to submit a confirmation that their Bids are under the MIM Structure and indicate the
    name of their investment managers in such confirmation which shall be submitted along with each of their
    Bid cum Application Forms. In the absence of such confirmation from the relevant FPIs, such MIM Bids
    shall be rejected;
29. UPI Bidders shall ensure that details of the Bid are reviewed and verified by opening the attachment in the
    UPI Mandate Request and then proceed to authorise the UPI Mandate Request using his/her UPI PIN. Upon
    the authorisation of the mandate using his/her UPI PIN, a UPI Bidder may be deemed to have verified the
    attachment containing the application details of the UPI Bidder in the UPI Mandate Request and have agreed
    to block the entire Bid Amount and authorised the Sponsor Bank(s) to block the Bid Amount mentioned in
    the Bid Cum Application Form and,
30. Ensure that while Bidding through a Designated Intermediary, the Bid cum Application Form (other than
    for Anchor Investors and UPI Bidders bidding using the UPI Mechanism) is submitted to a Designated
    Intermediary in a Bidding Centre and that the SCSB where the ASBA Account, as specified in the ASBA
    Form, is maintained has named at least one branch at that location for the Designated Intermediary to deposit
    ASBA Forms (a list of such branches is available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in )
The Bid cum Application Form is liable to be rejected if the above instructions, as applicable, are not complied
with. Application made using incorrect UPI handle or using a bank account of an SCSB or SCSBs which is not
mentioned       in      the       list    available       on       the       website       of       SEBI       at
www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=43 and updated from time to
time and at such other websites as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time, is liable to be rejected.
Don’ts:
 1. Do not Bid for lower than the minimum Bid size;
 2. Do not Bid / revise Bid Amount to less than the Floor Price or higher than the Cap Price;
 3. Do not pay the Bid Amount in cash, by money order, cheques or demand drafts or by postal order or by
      stock invest;
 4. Do not send Bid cum Application Forms by post; instead submit the same to the Designated Intermediary
      only;
 5. Do not submit the Bid cum Application Forms to any non-SCSB bank or our Company;
 6. Do not Bid on a Bid cum Application Form that does not have the stamp of the relevant Designated
      Intermediary;
 7. Do not instruct your respective Banks to release the funds blocked in the ASBA Account under the
      ASBA process;
 8. Do not Bid for a Bid Amount for less than ₹2,00,000/- (for Applications by Individual Bidders);
 9. Do not fill up the Bid cum Application Form such that the Equity Shares Application exceeds the Issue
      size and / or investment limit or maximum number of the Equity Shares that can be held under the
      applicable laws or regulations or maximum amount permissible under the applicable regulations or under
      the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus;
 10. Do not submit the General Index Register number instead of the PAN;
 11. Do not submit the Bid without ensuring that funds equivalent to the entire Bid Amount are blocked in
      the relevant ASBA Account;
 12. Do not submit Bids on plain paper or on incomplete or illegible Bid cum Application Forms or on Bid
      cum Application Forms in a colour prescribed for another category of Applicant;
 13. Do not submit a Bid in case you are not eligible to acquire Equity Shares under applicable law or your
      relevant constitutional documents or otherwise;
 14. Do not Bid if you are not competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 (other than minors
      having valid depository accounts as per Demographic Details provided by the depository);
 15. Do not submit a Bid by using details of the third party’s bank account or UPI ID which is linked with
      bank account of the third party. Kindly note that Bids made using third party bank account or using third
      party linked bank account UPI ID are liable for rejection.
The Bid cum Application Form is liable to be rejected if the above instructions, as applicable, are not complied
with.


                                                      298
Further, in case of any pre-Issue or post-Issue related issues regarding share certificates/demat credit/refund
orders/unblocking etc., investors shall reach out to the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. For details
of the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, please refer to the chapter titled “General Information”
beginning on page 67.

GROUNDS FOR TECHNICAL REJECTIONS
Bidders are advised to note that Bids are liable to be rejected inter alia on the following technical grounds:

• Amount blocked does not tally with the amount payable for the Equity Shares applied for;
• In case of partnership firms, Equity Shares may be registered in the names of the individual partners and no
  firm as such shall be entitled to apply;
• Bid by persons not competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including minors, insane
  persons;
• PAN not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form;
• Bids at a price less than the Floor Price and Bids at a price more than the Cap Price;
• GIR number furnished instead of PAN;
• Bid for lower number of Equity Shares than specified for that category of investors;
• Bids at Cut-off Price
• Bids for number of Equity Shares which are not in multiples Equity Shares as specified in the Draft Red
  Herring Prospectus;
• The amounts mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form does not tally with the amount
  payable for the value of the Equity Shares Bid/Applied for;
• Bids for lower number of Equity Shares than the minimum specified for that category of investors;
• Category not ticked;
• Multiple Bids as defined in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus;
• In case of Bids under power of attorney or by limited companies, corporate, trust etc., where relevant
  documents are not submitted;
• Bid accompanied by Stock invest/ money order/ postal order/ cash/ cheque/ demand draft/ pay order;
• Signature of sole Bidder is missing;
• Bid cum Application Forms not delivered by the Bidder within the time prescribed as per the Bid cum
  Application Forms, Bid/Issue Opening Date advertisement and the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and as per
  the instructions in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Forms;
• In case no corresponding record is available with the Depositories that matches three parameters namely,
  names of the Bidders (including the order of names of joint holders), the Depository Participant’s identity (DP
  ID) and the beneficiary’s account number;
• Bids for amounts greater than the maximum permissible amounts prescribed by the regulations;
• Bid by OCBs;
• Bids by US persons other than in reliance on Regulation S or “qualified institutional buyers” as defined in
  Rule 144A under the Securities Act;
• Inadequate funds in the bank account to block the Bid Amount specified in the Bid cum Application
  Form/Application Form at the time of blocking such Bid Amount in the bank account;
• Bids not uploaded on the terminals of the Stock Exchanges;
• Where no confirmation is received from SCSB for blocking of funds;
• Bids by SCSBs wherein a separate account in its own name held with any other SCSB is not mentioned as the
  ASBA Account in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form. Bids not duly signed by the sole/First
  Bidder;
• Bids by any persons outside India if not in compliance with applicable foreign and Indian laws;
• Bids that do not comply with the securities laws of their respective jurisdictions are liable to be rejected;
• Bids by persons prohibited from buying, selling or dealing in the shares directly or indirectly by SEBI or any
  other regulatory authority;
• Bids by persons who are not eligible to acquire Equity Shares of the Company in terms of all applicable laws,
  rules, regulations, guidelines, and approvals;
• Details of ASBA Account not provided in the Bid cum Application form; and

For details of instructions in relation to the Bid cum Application Form, Bidders may refer to the relevant section
the GID.

BIDDERS SHOULD NOTE THAT IN CASE THE PAN, THE DP ID AND CLIENT ID MENTIONED IN
THE BID CUM APPLICATION FORM AND ENTERED INTO THE ELECTRONIC APPLICATION
SYSTEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGES BY THE BIDS COLLECTING INTERMEDIARIES DO NOT

                                                        299
MATCH WITH PAN, THE DP ID AND CLIENT ID AVAILABLE IN THE DEPOSITORY DATABASE,
THE BID CUM APPLICATION FORM IS LIABLE TO BE REJECTED.

NAMES OF ENTITIES RESPONSIBLE FOR FINALISING THE BASIS OF ALLOTMENT IN A FAIR
AND PROPER MANNER
The authorized employees of the Stock Exchange, along with the BRLM and the Registrar to the Issue, shall
ensure that the Basis of Allotment is finalized in a fair and proper manner in accordance with the procedure
specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

METHOD OF ALLOTMENT AS MAY BE PRESCRIBED BY SEBI FROM TIME TO TIME
Our Company will not make any Allotment in excess of the Equity Shares issued through this Issue except in case
of oversubscription for the purpose of rounding off to make Allotment, in consultation with the Designated Stock
Exchange. Further, upon oversubscription, an Allotment of not more than 1% of the Issue to public may be made
for the purpose of making Allotment in minimum lots. The allotment of Equity Shares to Applicants other than to
the Individual Investors, Non-Institutional Investors shall be on a proportionate basis within the respective
investor categories and the number of securities allotted shall be rounded off to the nearest integer, subject to
minimum allotment being equal to the minimum application size as determined and disclosed. The allotment of
Equity Shares to each Individual Investors shall not be less than the minimum lot, subject to the availability of
shares in Individual Investors Portion, and the remaining available shares, if any, shall be allotted on a
proportionate basis. The allotment to each Non-Institutional Investors shall not be less than the Minimum NII
Application Size, subject to the availability of Equity Shares in the Non-Institutional Portion, and the remaining
Equity Shares, if any, shall be allotted on a proportionate basis.

PAYMENT INTO ANCHOR INVESTOR ESCROW ACCOUNT
Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, in their absolute discretion, will decide the list of Anchor Investors
to whom the CAN will be sent, pursuant to which, the details of the Equity Shares allocated to them in their
respective names will be notified to such Anchor Investors. For Anchor Investors, the payment instruments for
payment into the Anchor Investor Escrow Account should be drawn in favour of:

• In case of resident Anchor Investor “[●]”
• In case of Non-Resident Anchor Investor “[●]”

Anchor Investors should note that the escrow mechanism is not prescribed by SEBI and has been established as
an arrangement between our Company, the Syndicate, the Bankers to the Issue and the Registrar to the Issue to
facilitate collections from Anchor Investors

ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT
The Allotment of Equity Shares to Bidders other than Individual Investors, who applies for minimum application
size, non-institutional investors and Anchor Investors may be on proportionate basis. For Basis of Allotment to
Anchor Investors, Bidders may refer to Draft Red Herring Prospectus. No Individual Investor will be allotted less
than the minimum Bid Lot subject to availability of shares in Individual Investor Category and the remaining
available shares, if any will be allotted on a proportionate basis. The issuer is required to receive a minimum
subscription of 90% of the Issue.

If the issuer does not receive the minimum subscription of ninety per cent of the Issue through Offer document
on the date of closure of the Issue, or if the subscription level falls below ninety per cent. after the closure of Issue
after technical rejections, or if the listing or trading permission is not obtained from the stock exchanges for the
securities so offered under the Offer document, the issuer shall forthwith refund the entire subscription amount
received. If there is a delay beyond fifteen days after the issuer becomes liable to pay the amount, the issuer and
every director of the issuer who are officers in default, shall pay interest at the rate of fifteen per cent. per annum.

Flow of Events from the closure of Bidding period (T-DAY) Till Allotment:

• On T Day, RTA to validate the electronic bid details with the depository records and also reconcile the final
  certificates received from the Sponsor Bank for UPI process and the SCSBs for ASBA and Syndicate ASBA
  process with the electronic bid details.




                                                          300
• RTA identifies cases with mismatch of account number as per bid file / FC and as per applicant’s bank account
  linked to depository demat account and seek clarification from SCSB to identify the applications with third
  party account for rejection.
• Third party confirmation of applications to be completed by SCSBs on T+1 day.
• RTA prepares the list of final rejections and circulate the rejections list with BRLM(s)/ Company for their
  review/ comments.
• Post rejection, the RTA submits the basis of allotment with the Designated Stock Exchange (DSE).
• The DSE, post verification approves the basis and generates drawl of lots wherever applicable, through a
  random number generation software.
• The RTA uploads the drawl numbers in their system and generates the final list of allotees as per process
  mentioned below:

Process for generating list of allotees: -

• Instruction is given by RTA in their Software System to reverse category wise all the application numbers in
  the ascending order and generate the bucket /batch as per the allotment ratio. For example, if the application
  number is 78654321 then system reverses it to 12345687 and if the ratio of allottees to applicants in a category
  is 2:7 then the system will create lots of 7. If the drawl of lots provided by DSE is 3 and 5 then the system
  will pick every 3rd and 5th application in each of the lot of the category and these applications will be allotted
  the shares in that category.
• In categories where there is proportionate allotment, the Registrar will prepare the proportionate working based
  on the oversubscription times.
• In categories where there is undersubscription, the Registrar will do full allotment for all valid applications.

On the basis of the above, the RTA will work out the allotees, partial allotees and non- allottees, prepare the fund
transfer letters and advice the SCSBs to debit or unblock the respective accounts.

BASIS OF ALLOTMENT

 A. For Individual Bidders

Bids received from the Individual Bidders at or above the Issue Price shall be grouped together to determine the
total demand under this category. The Allotment to all the successful Individual Bidders will be made at the Issue
Price.

The Issue size less Allotment to Non-Institutional and QIB Bidders shall be available for Allotment to Individual
Bidders who have Bid in the Issue at a price that is equal to or greater than the Issue Price. If the aggregate demand
in this category is less than or equal to [●] Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, full Allotment shall be made
to the Individual Bidders to the extent of their valid Bids.

If the aggregate demand in this category is greater than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each at or above
the Issue Price, the Allotment shall be made by draw of lots in such a manner that the total number of Shares
allotted in that category is equal to the number of Shares allocated. In the event of the Issue being over-subscribed,
the issuer may finalise the Basis of Allotment in consultation with the BSE SME (The Designated Stock
Exchange).

 B. For Non-Institutional Bidders

Bids received from Non-Institutional Bidders at or above the Issue Price shall be grouped together to determine
the total demand under this category. The Allotment to all successful Non- Institutional Bidders will be made at
the Issue Price. The allotment of specified securities to each non-institutional investor shall not be less than the
minimum application size in the non-institutional investor category, and the remaining shares, if any, shall be
allotted on proportionate basis.

The Issue size less Allotment to QIBs and Individual Investors shall be available for Allotment to Non-
Institutional Bidders who have Bid in the Issue at a price that is equal to or greater than the Issue Price. If the
aggregate demand in this category is less than or equal to [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each at or above
the Issue Price, full Allotment shall be made to Non-Institutional Bidders to the extent of their demand.



                                                         301
In case the aggregate demand in this category is greater than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each at or
above the Issue Price, Allotment shall be made on a proportionate basis up to a minimum of [●] Equity Shares of
face value of ₹10/- each and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each thereafter. The allocation
may be made in marketable lots on proportionate basis as set forth hereunder:

a.    The number of Equity Shares to be allocated to the successful Bidders in a particular category shall be
      determined.
b.    The successful Bidders, from amongst all valid Bidders in that category, shall be determined by a draw of
      lots, such that the total number of Equity Shares allotted in that category equals the number of Equity Shares
      allocated.
c.    If the proportionate allotment to any Bidder results in a number that is not a multiple of [●] Equity Shares of
      face value ₹10/- each, the number of Equity Shares allotted shall be rounded off to the nearest multiple of [●]
      Equity Shares of face value ₹10/- each, subject to a minimum allotment of [●] Equity Shares of face value
      ₹10/- each.

If as a result of the process of rounding off to the nearest multiple of [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each,
results in the actual allotment being higher than the shares Issued, the final allotment may be higher at the sole
discretion of the Board of Directors, up to 110% of the size of the Issue specified under the Capital Structure
mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

 C. For QIBs

For the Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the SEBI ICDR
Regulations or RHP / Prospectus. Bids received from QIBs Bidding in the QIB Category (net of Anchor
Portion) at or above the Issue Price may be grouped together to determine the total demand under this
category. The QIB Category may be available for Allotment to QIBs who have Bid at a price that is equal
to or greater than the Issue Price. Allotment may be undertaken in the following manner:

a) In the first instance allocation to Mutual Funds for [●] % of the QIB Portion shall be determined as follows:

• In the event that Bids by Mutual Fund exceeds [●] % of the QIB Portion, allocation to Mutual Funds shall be
  done on a proportionate basis for [●] % of the QIB Portion.
• In the event that the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than [●] % of the QIB Portion then all Mutual
  Funds shall get full Allotment to the extent of valid Bids received above the Issue Price.
• Equity Shares remaining unsubscribed, if any, not allocated to Mutual Funds shall be available for Allotment
  to all QIB Bidders as set out in (b) below;

b) In the second instance Allotment to all QIBs shall be determined as follows:

• In the event that the oversubscription in the QIB Portion, all QIB Bidders who have submitted Bids above the
  Issue Price shall be allotted Equity Shares on a proportionate basis, upto a minimum of [●] Equity Shares of
  face value of ₹10/- each and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each thereafter for [●] %
  of the QIB Portion.
• Mutual Funds, who have received allocation as per (a) above, for less than the number of Equity Shares Bid
  for by them, are eligible to receive Equity Shares on a proportionate basis, upto a minimum of [●] Equity
  Shares of face value of ₹10/- each and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each thereafter,
  along with other QIB Bidders.
• Under-subscription below [●] % of the QIB Portion, if any, from Mutual Funds, would be included for
  allocation to the remaining QIB Bidders on a proportionate basis. The aggregate Allotment to QIB Bidders
  shall not be more than [●] Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each.

 D. Allotment to Anchor Investor (If Applicable)

a) Allocation of Equity Shares to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Allocation Price will be at the
   discretion of the issuer, in consultation with the BRLM, subject to compliance with the following requirements:

     1.   Not more than 60% of the QIB Portion will be allocated to Anchor Investors;
     2.   40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic mutual funds and life insurance
          companies and pension funds, out of which 33.33% shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject


                                                         302
          to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation
          Price.
     3.   Allocation to Anchor Investors shall be on a discretionary basis and subject to:

          •   maximum number of two Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹2 crores;
          •   A minimum number of two Anchor Investors and maximum number of 15 Anchor Investors for
              allocation of more than ₹2 crores and up to ₹25 crores subject to minimum allotment of ₹1 crores
              per such Anchor Investor; and
          •   in case of allocation above twenty-five crore rupees; a minimum of 5 such investors and a maximum
              of 15 such investors for allocation up to twenty-five crore rupees and an additional 10 such investors
              for every additional twenty-five crore rupees or part thereof, shall be permitted, subject to a
              minimum allotment of one crore rupees per such investor.

b) A physical book is prepared by the Registrar on the basis of the Anchor Investor Application Forms received
   from Anchor Investors. Based on the physical book and at the discretion of the issuer, in consultation with
   the BRLM, selected Anchor Investors will be sent a CAN and if required, a revised CAN.

c)    Anchor Investors will be sent a revised CAN within one day of the Pricing Date indicating the number of
      Equity Shares allocated to such Anchor Investor and the pay-in date for payment of the balance amount.
      Anchor Investors are then required to pay any additional amounts, being the difference between the Issue
      Price and the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, as indicated in the revised CAN within the pay-in date
      referred to in the revised CAN. Thereafter, the Allotment Advice will be issued to such Anchor Investors.

d) Anchor Investors who have been Allotted Equity Shares will directly receive Allotment Advice.

Individual Investor' means an investor who applies for minimum two lots. Investors may note that in case of over
subscription allotment shall be on proportionate basis and will be finalized in consultation with BSE.

E. Basis of Allotment for QIBs (other than Anchor Investors) and NIIs in case of oversubscribed Issue

In the event of the Issue being over-subscribed, the issuer may finalize the Basis of Allotment in consultation with
the BSE SME (Designated Stock Exchange). The Allocation may be made in marketable lots on proportionate
basis as set forth hereunder:

a) The total number of Equity Shares to be allocated to each category as a whole shall be arrived at on a
   proportionate basis i.e. the total number of Equity Shares applied for in that category multiplied by the inverse
   of the oversubscription ratio (number of Bidders in the category multiplied by number of Shares applied for).
b) The number of Equity Shares to be allocated to the successful Bidders will be arrived at on a proportionate
   basis in marketable lots (i.e. Total number of Equity Shares applied for into the inverse of the over
   subscription ratio).
c) For Bids where the proportionate allotment works out to less than [●] Equity Shares the allotment will be
   made as follows:

   1. Each successful Bidder shall be allotted [●] Equity Shares, and
   2. The successful Bidder out of the total bidders for that category shall be determined by draw of lots in such
      a manner that the total number of Shares allotted in that category is equal to the number of Shares worked
      out as per (b) above.
d) If the proportionate allotment to a Bidder works out to a number that is not a multiple of [●] Equity Shares,
   the Bidder would be allotted Equity Shares by rounding off to the nearest multiple of [●] Equity Shares
   subject to a minimum allotment of [●] Equity Shares.
e) If the Equity Shares allotted on a proportionate basis to any category is more than the Equity Shares allotted
   to the Bidders in that category, the balance available Equity Shares or Allocation shall be first adjusted against
   any category, where the allotted Equity Shares are not sufficient for proportionate allotment to the successful
   Bidder in that category, the balance Equity Shares, if any, remaining after such adjustment will be added to
   the category comprising Bidder applying for the minimum number of Shares. If as a result of the process of
   rounding off to the nearest multiple of [●] Equity Shares, results in the actual allotment being higher than the
   shares issued, the final allotment may be higher at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors, up to 110%
   of the size of the Issue specified under the “Capital Structure” mentioned in this DRHP.


                                                        303
f)    ‘Individual Investor' means an investor who applies for minimum 2 lots and the minimum application size
      shall be above ₹2.00 Lakhs. Investors may note that in case of over subscription allotment shall be on
      proportionate basis and will be finalized in consultation with BSE.

The Executive Director/ Managing Director of BSE - the Designated Stock Exchange in addition to Book Running
Lead Manager and Registrar to the Public issue shall be responsible to ensure that the basis of allotment is finalized
in a fair and proper manner in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.

PRE-ISSUE AND PRICE BAND ADVERTISEMENT
Subject to Section 30 of the Companies Act 2013, our Company shall, after filing the Red Herring Prospectus
with the ROC, publish a pre-Issue and Price band advertisement, in the form prescribed by the SEBI Regulations,
in (i) English National Newspaper; (ii) Hindi National Newspaper and (iii) Regional Newspaper each with wide
circulation. In the pre-Issue and Price band advertisement, we shall state the Bid Opening Date and the Bid/Issue
Closing Date and the floor price or price band along with necessary details subject to regulation 250 of SEBI
ICDR Regulations. This advertisement, subject to the provisions of section 30 of the Companies Act, 2013, shall
be in the format prescribed in Part A of Schedule X of the SEBI Regulations.

ALLOTMENT ADVERTISEMENT
Our Company, the Lead Manager and the Registrar to the Issue shall publish an allotment advertisement before
commencement of trading, disclosing the date of commencement of trading in all editions of an English national
daily newspaper, all editions of a Hindi national daily newspaper and regional editions of a daily newspaper where
our Registered and Corporate Office is located, each with wide circulation.

SIGNING OF UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT AND FILING OF RED HERRING PROSPECTUS/
PROSPECTUS WITH ROC
• Our Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement dated [●]
• Copy of Red Herring Prospectus will be filed with the RoC and copy of Prospectus will be filed with RoC in
  terms of Section 32 of Companies Act, 2013 and Section 26 of Companies Act, 2013.

IMPERSONATION
Attention of the applicants is specifically drawn to the provisions of sub-section (1) of Section 38 of the
Companies Act, which is reproduced below:
"Any person who:
     a) makes or abets making of an application in a fictitious name to a company for acquiring, or subscribing
        for, its securities; or
     b) makes or abets making of multiple applications to a company in different names or in different
        combinations of his name or surname for acquiring or subscribing for its securities; or
     c) otherwise induces directly or indirectly a company to allot, or register any transfer of, securities to
        him, or to any other person in a fictitious name, shall be liable for action under Section 447.”

UNDERTAKINGS BY OUR COMPANY
We undertake as follows:

a.    That the complaints received in respect of the Issue shall be attended expeditiously and satisfactorily;
b.    That all steps will be taken for the completion of the necessary formalities for listing and commencement of
      trading on Stock Exchange where the Equity Shares are proposed to be listed within three working days from
      Issue Closure date;
c.    That the funds required for making refunds as per the modes disclosed or dispatch of allotment advice by
      registered post or speed post shall be made available to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent to the Issue
      by our Company;
d.    Where refunds (to the extent applicable) are made through electronic transfer of funds, a suitable
      communication shall be sent to the applicant within two Working Days from the Issue Closing Date, giving
      details of the bank where refunds shall be credited along with amount and expected date of electronic credit
      of refund;
e.    That our Promoter’s contribution in full has already been brought in;
f.    That no further issue of Equity Shares shall be made till the Equity Shares issued through the Prospectus are
      listed or until the Application monies are refunded on account of non-listing, undersubscription etc.;

                                                         304
g.   That adequate arrangement shall be made to collect all Applications Supported by Blocked Amount while
     finalizing the Basis of Allotment;
h.   If our Company does not proceed with the Issue after the Bid/Issue Opening Date but before allotment, then
     the reason thereof shall be given as a public notice to be issued by our Company within two days of the
     Bid/Issue Closing Date. The public notice shall be issued in the same newspapers where the Pre-Issue and
     Price Band advertisements were published. The stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are proposed to
     be listed shall also be informed promptly;
i.   If our Company withdraws the Issue after the Bid/Issue Closing Date, our Company shall be required to file
     a fresh Draft Red Herring Prospectus with the Stock exchange/RoC/SEBI, in the event our Company
     subsequently decides to proceed with the Issue;
j.   If allotment is not made within the prescribed time period under applicable law, the entire subscription amount
     received will be refunded/ unblocked within the time prescribed under applicable law. If there is delay beyond
     the prescribed time, our Company shall pay interest prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI
     Regulations and applicable laws for the delayed period.

UTILIZATION OF ISSUE PROCEEDS
The Board of Directors of our Company certifies that:

1.   All monies received out of the Issue shall be credited/ transferred to a separate bank account other than the
     bank account referred to in sub section (3) of Section 40 of the Companies Act 2013;
2.   Details of all monies utilized out of the Issue referred above shall be disclosed and continue to be disclosed
     till the time any part of the Issue proceeds remains unutilized, under an appropriate head in our balance sheet
     of our company indicating the purpose for which such monies have been utilized;
3.   Details of all unutilized monies out of the Issue, if any shall be disclosed under the appropriate separate head
     in the balance sheet of our company indicating the form in which such unutilized monies have been invested;
4.   Our Company shall comply with the requirements of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 in relation to the
     disclosure and monitoring of the utilization of the proceeds of the Issue;
5.   Our Company shall not have recourse to the Issue Proceeds until the approval for listing and trading of the
     Equity Shares from the Stock Exchange where listing is sought has been received;
6.   The Book Running Lead Manager undertakes that the complaints or comments received in respect of the
     Issue shall be attended by our Company expeditiously and satisfactorily.




                          (The remainder of this page has been intentionally kept blank)




                                                        305
                RESTRICTIONS ON FOREIGN OWNERSHIP OF INDIAN SECURITIES

Foreign investment in Indian securities is regulated through the Industrial Policy, 1991 of the Government of
India, and the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (“FEMA”). While the Industrial Policy of 1991
(“Industrial Policy”) prescribes the limits and the conditions subject to which foreign investment can be made in
different sectors of the Indian economy, FEMA regulates the precise manner in which such investment may be
made. Under the Industrial Policy, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all
sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required
to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The government bodies responsible for
granting foreign investment approvals are the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) and the Department of Industrial
Policy and Promotion, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India (“DIPP”).

The Government of India has from time to time made policy pronouncements on FDI through press notes and
press releases. The DPIIT issued the Consolidated Foreign Direct Investment Policy notified by the DPIIT File
No. 5(2)/2020-FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020, with effect from October 15, 2020 (the “FDI Policy”), which
consolidates and supersedes all previous press notes, press releases and clarifications on FDI issued by the DPIIT
or the DPIIT that were in force and effect prior to October 15, 2020. The Government of India proposes to update
the consolidated circular on FDI Policy once every year and therefore, the FDI Policy will be valid until the DPIIT
issues an updated circular.

In terms of the FEMA NDI Rules 2019, a person resident outside India may make investments into India, subject
to certain terms and conditions, provided that an entity of a country, which shares land border with India or the
beneficial owner of an investment into India who is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, shall invest only
with government approval.

The transfer of shares between an Indian resident and a non-resident does not require the prior approval of the
RBI, provided that

(i)     the activities of the investee company are under the automatic route under the foreign direct investment
        policy and the transfer does not attract the provisions of the Takeover Regulations;
(ii)    the non-resident shareholding is within the sectoral limits under the FDI policy, and
(iii)   the pricing is in accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the SEBI/ RBI.

Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the
Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from
April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which
shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen
of any such country (“Restricted Investors”), will require prior approval of the Government, as prescribed in the
Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or
future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership
falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also
require approval of the Government. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, Government of
India has also made a similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Management
(Non-debt Instruments) (Fourth Amendment) Rules, 2020, a multilateral bank or fund, of which India is a member,
shall not be treated as an entity of a particular country nor shall any country be treated as the beneficial owner of
the investments of such bank of fund in India. Each Bidder should seek independent legal advice about its ability
to participate in the Issue. In the event such prior approval of the Government of India is required, and such
approval has been obtained, the Bidder shall intimate our Company and the Registrar to the Issue in writing about
such approval along with a copy thereof within the Issue Period.

As per the existing policy of the Government of India, OCBs cannot participate in this Issue and in accordance
with the extant FDI guidelines on sectoral caps, pricing guidelines, etc. as amended by the Reserve Bank of India,
from time to time. Investors are advised to confirm their eligibility under the relevant laws before investing and/or
subsequent purchase or sale transactions in the Equity Shares of our Company. Investors will not offer, sell,
pledge, or transfer the Equity Shares of our Company to any person who is not eligible under applicable laws,
rules, regulations, guidelines. Our Company, the Underwriters, and their respective directors, officers, agents,
affiliates, and representatives, as applicable, accept no responsibility or liability for advising any investor on
whether such investor is eligible to acquire Equity Shares of our Company.

INVESTMENT BY NON-RESIDENT INDIANS

                                                         306
The purchase/ sale of equity shares, debentures, preference shares, and share warrants offered by an Indian
company (hereinafter referred to as “Capital Instruments”) of a listed Indian company on a recognized stock
exchange in India by Non-Resident Indian (NRI) or Overseas Citizen of India (OCI) on repatriation basis is
allowed subject to certain conditions under Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019.

The total holding by any individual NRI or OCI shall not exceed 5% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully
diluted basis or should not exceed 5% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or
share warrants offered by an Indian company and the total holdings of all NRIs and OCIs put together shall not
exceed 10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 10% of the paid-up value
of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants; provided that the aggregate ceiling of 10%
may be raised to 24% if a special resolution to that effect is passed by the general body of the Indian company.

As per current FDI Policy 2020, Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, the
Purchase/ sale of Capital Instruments or convertible notes or units or contribution to the capital of an LLP by an
NRI or OCI on non-repatriation basis – will be deemed to be domestic investment at par with the investment made
by residents. This is further subject to remittance channel restrictions.

The Equity Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(“US Securities Act”) or any other state securities laws in the United States of America and may not be sold or
offered within the United States of America, or to, or for the account or benefit of “US Persons” as defined in
Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act, except pursuant to exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the
registration requirements of US Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the equity shares
are being offered and sold only outside the United States of America in an offshore transaction in reliance upon
Regulation S under the US Securities Act and the applicable laws of the jurisdiction where those issues, and sale
occur.

Further, no offer to the public (as defined under prospective regulation (EU) 2017/1129, together with any
amendments) and implementing measures thereto, (the “Prospectus Regulation”) has been or will be made in
respect of the Issue in any member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus
Directive except for any such issue made under exemptions available under the Prospectus Directive, provided
that no such issue shall result in a requirement to publish or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus
Directive, in respect of the Issued

Any forwarding, distribution or reproduction of this document in whole or in part may be unauthorized. Failure
to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other
jurisdictions. Any investment decision should be made on the basis of the final terms and conditions and the
information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

INVESTMENT BY FOREIGN PORTFOLIO INVESTORS
With regards to the purchase/sale of capital instruments of an Indian company by an FPI under PIS the total
holding by each FPI or an investor group as referred in SEBI (FPI) Regulations, 2019 shall not exceed 10% of the
total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or less than 10% of the paid-up value of each series of
debentures or preference shares or share warrants offered by an Indian company and the total holdings of all FPIs
put together shall not exceed 24% of paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or paid-up value of each series
of debentures or preference shares or share warrants. The said limit of 10% and 24% will be called the individual
and aggregate limit, respectively. However, this limit of 24% may be increased up to sectoral cap/statutory ceiling,
as applicable, by the Indian company concerned by passing a resolution by its Board of Directors followed by
passing of a special resolution to that effect by its general body.

INVESTMENT BY OTHER NON-RESIDENTS
Under the current FDI Policy 2020, the maximum amount of Investment (sectoral cap) by foreign investor in an
issuing entity is composite unless it is explicitly provided otherwise including all types of foreign investments,
direct and indirect, regardless of whether it has been made for FDI, FPI, NRI/OCI, LLPs, FVCI, Investment
Vehicles and DRs under Foreign Exchange Management. (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019. Any equity
holding by a person resident outside India resulting from the conversion of any debt instrument under any
arrangement shall be reckoned as a foreign investment under the composite cap.

Portfolio Investment upto aggregate foreign investment level of 49% or sectoral/ statutory cap, whichever is lower,
will not be subject to either Government approval or compliance with sectoral conditions if such investment does


                                                        307
not result in transfer of ownership and/or control of Indian entities from resident Indian citizens to non-resident
entities. Other foreign investments will be subject to conditions of Government approval and compliance with
sectoral conditions as per FDI Policy. The total foreign investment, direct and indirect, in the issuing entity will
not exceed the sectoral/statutory cap.

The Equity Shares have not been and will not be registered, listed, or otherwise qualified in any other
jurisdiction outside India and may not be issued or sold, and Application may not be made by persons in
any such jurisdiction, except in compliance with the applicable laws of such jurisdiction.

The above information is given for the benefit of the Applicants. Our Company and the Book Running
Lead Manager are not liable for any amendments or modifications or changes in applicable laws or
regulations, which may occur after the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Applicants are advised
to make their independent investigations and ensure that the Applications are not in violation of laws or
regulations applicable to them and do not exceed the applicable limits under the laws and regulations.




                          (The remainder of this page has been intentionally kept blank)




                                                        308
     SECTION VIII- PROVISIONS OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY
                                         THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

                                   (A COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES)

                                        ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
                                                  OF

                               HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED

                                                PRELIMINARY

Subject to the provisions hereinafter contained, the Regulations in Table ‘F’ in Schedule I to the Companies Act,
2013 shall apply to the Company as far as they are applicable to a Public Company, except insofar as they are
impliedly or expressly modified by the provisions of these Articles of Association as altered or amended from
time to time. The Regulations herein contained shall govern the management of the Company and shall be binding
on the Company and its members, and their representatives, as if they were the terms of an agreement between
them. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of Table ‘F’ and these Articles, the
provisions of these Articles shall prevail.

                                              INTERPRETATION

I.
     1.   (1) In these regulations—
                (a) "Company" means HIMALAYA NUTRAVEDICS INDIA LIMITED.
                (b) “SEBI” means the Securities and Exchange Board of India
                (c) “Stock Exchanges” shall mean BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited
                or such other stock exchange as the Board may deem fit.
                (d) "the Act" means the "Companies Act, 2013" and every statutory modification or re-enactment
                thereof and references to Sections or Rules of the Act shall be deemed to mean and include
                references to sections enacted in modification or replacement thereof.
                (e) these Regulations" means these Articles of Association as originally framed or as altered, from
                time to time.
                (f) "the Seal" means the common seal of the Company, if any

         (2) Unless the context otherwise requires, words or expressions contained in these regulations shall
         bear the same meaning as in the Act or any statutory modification thereof in force at the date at which
         these regulations become binding on the company.
*The Company has adopted the new set of AOA which is in compliance with Provisions of Companies Act,
2013 by passing a Special Resolution in the duly held Extra-ordinary General Meeting held on 28th November
2025.
The Company has changed its name pursuant to its conversion from private limited company to a public limited
company by passing a Special Resolution in the duly held Extra-ordinary General Meeting held on 28th
November 2025
Notes: a) Words imparting the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, words imparting the masculine
gender shall include the feminine gender and words imparting persons shall include bodies corporate and all
other persons recognized by law as such.
b) "month" and "year" means a calendar month and calendar year respectively.
c) Expression referring to writing shall be construed as including references to printing, lithography,
photography and other modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form.




                                                        309
                              SHARE CAPITAL AND VARIATION OF RIGHTS

II.
      1.   The Authorised Share Capital of the company shall be such amounts and be divided into such shares as
           may, from time to time, be provided in Clause V of the Memorandum of Association with power to
           increase or reduce the capital in accordance with the Company's regulations and legislative provisions
           for the time being in force on that behalf with the powers to divide the share capital, whether original or
           increased or decreased into several classes and attach thereto respectively such ordinary, preferential or
           special rights and conditions in such manner as may for the time being be provided by the Regulations
           of the Company and allowed by law.

           Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles, the shares in the capital of the company shall be
           under the control of the Directors who may issue, allot or otherwise dispose of the same or any of them
           to such persons, in such proportion and on such terms and conditions and either at a premium or at par
           and at such time as they may from time to time think fit and proper and with the sanction of the Company
           in General Meeting by a Special Resolution give to any person the option to call for or be allotted shares
           of any class of the Company, either at par, at a premium or subject as aforesaid at a discount, such option
           being exercisable at such times and for such consideration as the Board thinks fit unless the Company in
           General Meeting, by a Special Resolution, otherwise decides. Any offer of further shares shall be deemed
           to include a right, exercisable by the person to whom the shares are offered, to renounce the shares
           offered to him in favour of any other person.

           Subject to the provisions of the Act, any redeemable Preference Share, including Cumulative Convertible
           Preference Share may, with the sanction of an ordinary resolution be issued on the terms that they are,
           or at the option of the Company are liable to be redeemed or converted on such terms and in such manner
           as the Company, before the issue of the shares may, by special resolution, determine.

           Any debentures, debenture-stock or other securities may be issued at a premium or otherwise and may
           be issued on condition that they shall be convertible into shares of any denomination and with any
           privileges and conditions as to redemption, surrender, drawing, allotment of shares, attending (but not
           voting) at the General Meeting, appointment of Directors and otherwise Debentures with the right to
           conversion into or allotment of shares shall be issued only with the consent of the company in the general
           meeting by Special Resolution.

      2.   (i) Every person whose name is entered as a member in the register of members shall be entitled to
           receive within two months after incorporation, in case of subscribers to the memorandum or after
           allotment or within one month after the application for the registration of transfer or transmission or
           within such other period as the conditions of issue shall be provided,—

             (a) one certificate for all his shares without payment of any charges; or

             (b) several certificates, each for one or more of his shares, upon payment of twenty rupees for each
                 certificate after the first.

           (ii) Every certificate shall specify the shares to which it relates and the amount paid-up thereon and shall
           be signed by two Directors or by a director and the company secretary, wherever the company has
           appointed a company secretary:

           (iii) In respect of any share or shares held jointly by several persons, the company shall not be bound to
           issue more than one certificate, and delivery of a certificate for a share to one of several joint holders
           shall be sufficient delivery to all such holders.

           (iv) Further, the sweat equity shares of the company shall be subject to the provisions of any regulations
           made by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges in this behalf.

           (v) In addition to but without restricting the powers conferred under this Article, the company shall by a
           special resolution passed by the shareholders provide for offering shares to the employees of the

                                                          310
     company, promoter companies, group companies and affiliates and shall make necessary reservations
     for this purpose in the proposed offer of Securities on Rights basis subject to the regulations made by
     SEBI in this regard from time to time.

3.   (i) If any share certificate be worn out, defaced, mutilated or torn or if there be no further space on the
     back for endorsement of transfer, then upon production and surrender thereof to the company, a new
     certificate may be issued in lieu thereof, and if any certificate is lost or destroyed then upon proof thereof
     to the satisfaction of the company and on execution of such indemnity as the company deem adequate,
     a new certificate in lieu thereof shall be given. Every certificate under this Article shall be issued on
     payment of twenty rupees for each certificate
     (ii) The provisions of Articles (2) and (3) shall mutatis mutandis apply to debentures of the company.

     (iii) The shares of the Company will be split up/consolidated in the following circumstances:
        (a) At the request of the member/s for split up of shares in marketable lot.
        (b) At the request of the member/s for consolidation of fraction shares into marketable lot.

4.   Except as required by law, no person shall be recognised by the company as holding any share upon any
     trust, and the company shall not be bound by, or be compelled in any way to recognise (even when
     having notice thereof) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any share, or any interest in
     any fractional part of a share, or (except only as by these regulations or by law otherwise provided) any
     other rights in respect of any share except an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the registered holder.

5.   (i) The company may exercise the powers of paying commissions conferred by sub-section (6) of section
     40, provided that the rate per cent. or the amount of the commission paid or agreed to be paid shall be
     disclosed in the manner required by that section and rules made thereunder.

     (ii) The rate or amount of the commission shall not exceed the rate or amount prescribed in rules made
     under sub-section (6) of section 40.

     (iii) The commission may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the allotment of fully or partly paid
     shares or partly in the one way and partly in the other.

6.   (i) If at any time the share capital is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attached to any
     class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may, subject to the
     provisions of section 48, and whether or not the company is being wound up, be varied with the consent
     in writing of the holders of three-fourths of the issued shares of that class, or with the sanction of a
     special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class.

     (ii) To every such separate meeting, the provisions of these regulations relating to general meetings shall
     mutatis mutandis apply, but so that the necessary quorum shall be at least two persons holding at least
     one-third of the issued shares of the class in question.

7.   The rights conferred upon the holders of the shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights shall
     not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class, be deemed to
     be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari-passu therewith.

8.   Subject to the provisions of section 55, any preference shares may, with the sanction of an ordinary
     resolution, be issued on the terms that they are to be redeemed on such terms and in such manner as the
     company before the issue of the shares may, by special resolution, determine.

                                                         LIEN

9.   (i) The company shall have a first and paramount lien—


                                                     311
      (a) on every share (not being a fully paid share), for all monies (whether presently payable or not)
          called, or payable at a fixed time, in respect of that share; and

      (b) on all shares (not being fully paid shares) standing registered in the name of a single person, for
          all monies presently payable by him or his estate to the company:

           Provided that the Board of Directors may at any time declare any share to be wholly or in part
           exempt from the provisions of this clause.

    (ii) The company’s lien, if any, on a share shall extend to all dividends payable and bonuses declared
    from time to time in respect of such shares.

10. The company may sell, in such manner as the Board thinks fit, any shares on which the company has a
    lien:

    Provided that no sale shall be made—

      (a) unless a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable; or

      (b) until the expiration of fourteen days after a notice in writing stating and demanding payment of
          such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, has been given
          to the registered holder for the time being of the share or the person entitled thereto by reason of
          his death or insolvency.

11. (i) To give effect to any such sale, the Board may authorise some person to transfer the shares sold to
    the purchaser thereof.

    (ii) The purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the shares comprised in any such transfer.
    (iii) The purchaser shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall his title
    to the shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the sale.

12. (i) The proceeds of the sale shall be received by the company and applied in payment of such part of the
    amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable.

    (ii) The residue, if any, shall, subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the
    shares before the sale, be paid to the person entitled to the shares at the date of the sale.

                                        CALLS ON SHARES

13. (i) The Board may, from time to time, make calls upon the members in respect of any monies unpaid on
    their shares (whether on account of the nominal value of the shares or by way of premium) and not by
    the conditions of allotment thereof made payable at fixed times:

    Provided that no call shall exceed one-fourth of the nominal value of the share or be payable at less than
    one month from the date fixed for the payment of the last preceding call.

    (ii) Each member shall, subject to receiving at least fourteen days’ notice specifying the time or times
    and place of payment, pay to the company, at the time or times and place so specified, the amount called
    on his shares.

    (iii) A call may be revoked or postponed at the discretion of the Board.

14. A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Board authorising the
    call was passed and may be required to be paid by instalments.


                                                   312
15. The joint holders of a share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.

16. (i) If a sum called in respect of a share is not paid before or on the day appointed for payment thereof,
    the person from whom the sum is due shall pay interest thereon from the day appointed for payment
    thereof to the time of actual payment at ten per cent. per annum or at such lower rate, if any, as the Board
    may determine.
    (ii) The Board shall be at liberty to waive payment of any such interest wholly or in part.
17. (i) Any sum which by the terms of issue of a share becomes payable on allotment or at any fixed date,
    whether on account of the nominal value of the share or by way of premium, shall, for the purposes of
    these regulations, be deemed to be a call duly made and payable on the date on which by the terms of
    issue such sum becomes payable.

    (ii) In case of non-payment of such sum, all the relevant provisions of these regulations as to payment
    of interest and expenses, forfeiture or otherwise shall apply as if such sum had become payable by virtue
    of a call duly made and notified.

18. The Board—
      (a) may, if it thinks fit, receive from any member willing to advance the same, all or any part of the
          monies uncalled and unpaid upon any shares held by him; and

       (b) upon all or any of the monies so advanced, may (until the same would, but for such advance,
           become presently payable) pay interest at such rate not exceeding, unless the company in general
           meeting shall otherwise direct, twelve per cent. per annum, as may be agreed upon between the
           Board and the member paying the sum in advance, but such advance amount shall not confer a
           right to the dividend or participate in profits.

                                       TRANSFER OF SHARES

19. (i) The instrument of transfer of any share in the company shall be executed by or on behalf of both the
    transferor and transferee.

    (ii) The transferor shall be deemed to remain a holder of the share until the name of the transferee is
    entered in the register of members in respect thereof.

20. The Board may, subject to the right of appeal conferred by section 58 decline to register—
       (a) the transfer of a share, not being a fully paid share, to a person of whom they do not approve;
    or
       (b) any transfer of shares on which the company has a lien.

              Provided that registration of any transfer shall not be refused on the ground of the transferor
              being either alone or jointly with any other person or persons indebted to the Company on any
              account whatsoever except a lien on the shares.

21. The Board may decline to recognise any instrument of transfer unless—
       (a) the instrument of transfer is in the common form as prescribed in rules made under sub-section
           (1) of section 56;
       (b) the instrument of transfer is accompanied by the certificate of the shares to which it relates, and
           such other evidence as the Board may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to
           make the transfer; and
       (c) the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares.




                                                    313
22. On giving not less than seven days’ previous notice in accordance with section 91 and rules made
    thereunder, the registration of transfers may be suspended at such times and for such periods as the Board
    may from time to time determine:

    Provided that such registration shall not be suspended for more than thirty days at any one time or for
    more than forty-five days in the aggregate in any year.

                                    TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

23. (i) On the death of a member, the survivor or survivors where the member was a joint holder, and his
    nominee or nominees or legal representatives where he was a sole holder, shall be the only persons
    recognised by the company as having any title to his interest in the shares.

    (ii) Nothing in clause (i) shall release the estate of a deceased joint holder from any liability in respect
    of any share which had been jointly held by him with other persons.

24. (i) Any person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death or insolvency of a member may,
    upon such evidence being produced as may from time to time properly be required by the Board and
    subject as hereinafter provided, elect, either—
        (a) to be registered himself as holder of the share; or

        (b)   to make such transfer of the share as the deceased or insolvent member could have made.

    (ii) The Board shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as it would
    have had, if the deceased or insolvent member had transferred the share before his death or insolvency.

25. (i) If the person so becoming entitled shall elect to be registered as holder of the share himself, he shall
    deliver or send to the company a notice in writing signed by him stating that he so elects.

    (ii) If the person aforesaid shall elect to transfer the share, he shall testify his election by executing a
    transfer of the share.

    (iii) All the limitations, restrictions and provisions of these regulations relating to the right to transfer
    and the registration of transfers of shares shall be applicable to any such notice or transfer as aforesaid
    as if the death or insolvency of the member had not occurred and the notice or transfer were a transfer
    signed by that member.

26. A person becoming entitled to a share by reason of the death or insolvency of the holder shall be entitled
    to the same dividends and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the registered holder
    of the share, except that he shall not, before being registered as a member in respect of the share, be
    entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to meetings of the
    company:

    Provided that the Board may, at any time, give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be
    registered himself or to transfer the share, and if the notice is not complied with within ninety days, the
    Board may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of
    the share, until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

                                     FORFEITURE OF SHARES

27. If a member fails to pay any call, or instalment of a call, on the day appointed for payment thereof, the
    Board may, at any time thereafter during such time as any part of the call or instalment remains unpaid,
    serve a notice on him requiring payment of so much of the call or instalment as is unpaid, together with
    any interest which may have accrued.


                                                   314
28. The notice aforesaid shall—

         (a) name a further day (not being earlier than the expiry of fourteen days from the date of service
             of the notice) on or before which the payment required by the notice is to be made; and

         (b) state that, in the event of non-payment on or before the day so named, the shares in respect of
             which the call was made shall be liable to be forfeited.

29. If the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid are not complied with, any share in respect of which
    the notice has been given may, at any time thereafter, before the payment required by the notice has been
    made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Board to that effect.

30. (i) A forfeited share may be sold or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Board
    thinks fit.
    (ii) At any time before a sale or disposal as aforesaid, the Board may cancel the forfeiture on such terms
    as it thinks fit.

31. (i) A person whose shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a member in respect of the forfeited
    shares, but shall, notwithstanding the forfeiture, remain liable to pay to the company all monies which,
    at the date of forfeiture, were presently payable by him to the company in respect of the shares.

    (ii) The liability of such person shall cease if and when the company shall have received payment in full
    of all such monies in respect of the shares.

32. (i) A duly verified declaration in writing that the declarant is a director, the manager or the secretary, of
    the company, and that a share in the company has been duly forfeited on a date stated in the declaration,
    shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons claiming to be entitled to
    the share;

    (ii) The company may receive the consideration, if any, given for the share on any sale or disposal thereof
    and may execute a transfer of the share in favour of the person to whom the share is sold or disposed of;

    (iii) The transferee shall thereupon be registered as the holder of the share; and

    (iv) The transferee shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall
    his title to the share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the
    forfeiture, sale or disposal of the share.

33. The provisions of these regulations as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any sum
    which, by the terms of issue of a share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the
    nominal value of the share or by way of premium, as if the same had been payable by virtue of a call
    duly made and notified.
                                  ALTERATION OF CAPITAL

34. The company may, from time to time, by ordinary resolution increase the share capital by such sum, to
    be divided into shares of such amount, as may be specified in the resolution.

35. Subject to the provisions of section 61, the company may, by ordinary resolution,—

        (a) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of larger amount than its
            existing shares;



                                                    315
        (b) convert all or any of its fully paid-up shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into fully
            paid-up shares of any denomination;

        (c) sub-divide its existing shares or any of them into shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the
            memorandum;

        (d) cancel any shares which, at the date of the passing of the resolution, have not been taken or
            agreed to be taken by any person.

36. Where shares are converted into stock,—

        (a) the holders of stock may transfer the same or any part thereof in the same manner as, and subject
            to the same regulations under which, the shares from which the stock arose might before the
            conversion have been transferred, or as near thereto as circumstances admit:

             Provided that the Board may, from time to time, fix the minimum amount of stock transferable,
             so, however, that such minimum shall not exceed the nominal amount of the shares from which
             the stock arose.

         (b) the holders of stock shall, according to the amount of stock held by them, have the same rights,
             privileges and advantages as regards dividends, voting at meetings of the company, and other
             matters, as if they held the shares from which the stock arose; but no such privilege or advantage
             (except participation in the dividends and profits of the company and in the assets on winding
             up) shall be conferred by an amount of stock which would not, if existing in shares, have
             conferred that privilege or advantage.

         (c) such of the regulations of the company as are applicable to paid-up shares shall apply to stock
             and the words “share” and “shareholder” in those regulations shall include “stock” and “stock-
             holder” respectively.

37. The company may, by special resolution, reduce in any manner and with, and subject to, any incident
    authorised and consent required by law,—

        (a) its share capital;

        (b) any capital redemption reserve account; or

        (c) any share premium account.

                                  CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS

38. (i) The company in general meeting may, upon the recommendation of the Board, resolve—
       (a) that it is desirable to capitalise any part of the amount for the time being standing to the credit of
           any of the company’s reserve accounts, or to the credit of the profit and loss account, or otherwise
           available for distribution; and
       (b) that such sum be accordingly set free for distribution in the manner specified in clause (ii) amongst
           the members who would have been entitled thereto, if distributed by way of dividend and in the
           same proportions.

    (ii) The sum aforesaid shall not be paid in cash but shall be applied, subject to the provision contained
    in clause (iii), either in or towards—



                                                    316
         (A) paying up any amounts for the time being unpaid on any shares held by such members
             respectively;

         (B) paying up in full, unissued shares of the company to be allotted and distributed, credited as
             fully paid-up, to and amongst such members in the proportions aforesaid;

         (C) partly in the way specified in sub-clause (A) and partly in that specified in sub-clause (B);

         (D) A securities premium account and a capital redemption reserve account may, for the purposes
             of this regulation, be applied in the paying up of unissued shares to be issued to members of
             the company as fully paid bonus shares;

         (E) The Board shall give effect to the resolution passed by the company in pursuance of this
             regulation.

39. (i) Whenever such a resolution as aforesaid shall have been passed, the Board shall—

         (a) make all appropriations and applications of the undivided profits resolved to be capitalised
             thereby, and all allotments and issues of fully paid shares if any; and
         (b) generally do all acts and things required to give effect thereto.

    (ii) The Board shall have power—

         (a) to make such provisions, by the issue of fractional certificates or by payment in cash or
             otherwise as it thinks fit, for the case of shares becoming distributable in fractions; and
         (b) to authorise any person to enter, on behalf of all the members entitled thereto, into an
             agreement with the company providing for the allotment to them respectively, credited as fully
             paid- up, of any further shares to which they may be entitled upon such capitalisation, or as
             the case may require, for the payment by the company on their behalf, by the application
             thereto of their respective proportions of profits resolved to be capitalised, of the amount or
             any part of the amounts remaining unpaid on their existing shares;

    (iii) Any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on such members.

                                      BUY-BACK OF SHARES

40. Notwithstanding anything contained in these articles but subject to the provisions of sections 68 to 70
    and any other applicable provision of the Act or any other law for the time being in force, the company
    may purchase its own shares or other specified securities. Further, the buyback of shares or other
    specified securities shall be made in accordance with the guidelines issued by SEBI in this behalf.

                                       GENERAL MEETINGS

41. All general meetings other than annual general meeting shall be called extraordinary general meeting.

42. (i) The Board may, whenever it thinks fit, call an extraordinary general meeting.

    (ii) If at any time Directors capable of acting who are sufficient in number to form a quorum are not
    within India, any director or any two members of the company may call an extraordinary general meeting
    in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which such a meeting may be called by the Board.

                           PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS



                                                  317
43. (i) No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum of members is present at the
    time when the meeting proceeds to business.

    (ii) Save as otherwise provided herein, the quorum for the general meetings shall be as provided in
    section 103.

44. The chairperson, if any, of the Board shall preside as Chairperson at every general meeting of the
    company.
45. If there is no such Chairperson, or if he is not present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for
    holding the meeting, or is unwilling to act as chairperson of the meeting, the Directors present shall elect
    one of their members to be Chairperson of the meeting.

46. If at any meeting no director is willing to act as Chairperson or if no director is present within fifteen
    minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the members present shall choose one of their
    members to be Chairperson of the meeting.

                                  ADJOURNMENT OF MEETING

47. (i) The Chairperson may, with the consent of any meeting at which a quorum is present, and shall, if so
    directed by the meeting, adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place.

    (ii) No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at
    the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

    (iii) When a meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given
    as in the case of an original meeting.

    (iv) Save as aforesaid, and as provided in section 103 of the Act, it shall not be necessary to give any
    notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting.

                                           VOTING RIGHTS

48. Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes of shares,—

       (a) on a show of hands, every member present in person shall have one vote; and

       (b) on a poll, the voting rights of members shall be in proportion to his share in the paid-up equity
           share capital of the company.

49. A member may exercise his vote at a meeting by electronic means in accordance with section 108 and
    shall vote only once.

50. (i) In the case of joint holders, the vote of the senior who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy,
    shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders.
    (ii) For this purpose, seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the register
    of members.

51. A member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court having
    jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee or other
    legal guardian, and any such committee or guardian may, on a poll, vote by proxy.

52. Any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded may be proceeded with, pending the
    taking of the poll.


                                                   318
53. No member shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless all calls or other sums presently
    payable by him in respect of shares in the company have been paid.

54. (i) No objection shall be raised to the qualification of any voter except at the meeting or adjourned
    meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered, and every vote not disallowed at such meeting
    shall be valid for all purposes.

    (ii) Any such objection made in due time shall be referred to the Chairperson of the meeting, whose
    decision shall be final and conclusive.

                                                 PROXY

55. The instrument appointing a proxy and the power-of-attorney or other authority, if any, under which it
    is signed or a notarised copy of that power or authority, shall be deposited at the registered office of the
    company not less than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which
    the person named in the instrument proposes to vote, or, in the case of a poll, not less than 24 hours
    before the time appointed for the taking of the poll; and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be
    treated as valid.

56. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the form as prescribed in the rules made under section 105.

57. A vote given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid, notwithstanding the
    previous death or insanity of the principal or the revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which
    the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the shares in respect of which the proxy is given:

    Provided that no intimation in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer shall have been
    received by the company at its office before the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting at
    which the proxy is used.

                                       BOARD OF DIRECTORS

58. The number of Directors of the Company shall not be less than three and not more than fifteen:

      1.      Name of the First Director shall be
           a. Mr. Devender Tak- Director
           b. Ms. Sneha Penmatsa- Director

59. (i) The remuneration of the Directors shall, in so far as it consists of a monthly payment, be deemed to
    accrue from day-to-day.

    (ii) In addition to the remuneration payable to them in pursuance of the Act, the Directors may be paid
    all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them—

           (a) in attending and returning from meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof or
               general meetings of the company; or

           (b) in connection with the business of the company.

60. The Board may pay all expenses incurred in getting up and registering the company.

61. The company may exercise the powers conferred on it by section 88 with regard to the keeping of a
    foreign register; and the Board may (subject to the provisions of that section) make and vary such
    regulations as it may thinks fit respecting the keeping of any such register.


                                                    319
62. All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, hundis, bills of exchange and other negotiable instruments, and
    all receipts for monies paid to the company, shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed, or otherwise
    executed, as the case may be, by such person and in such manner as the Board shall from time to time
    by resolution determine.

63. Every director present at any meeting of the Board or of a committee thereof shall sign his name in a
    book to be kept for that purpose.

64. (i) Subject to the provisions of section 149, the Board shall have power at any time, and from time to
    time, to appoint a person as an additional director, provided the number of the Directors and additional
    Directors together shall not at any time exceed the maximum strength fixed for the Board by the articles.
    (ii) Such person shall hold office only up to the date of the next annual general meeting of the company
    but shall be eligible for appointment by the company as a director at that meeting subject to the provisions
    of the Act.

    (iii) The Directors may appoint such number of Independent Directors as are required under Section 149
    of the Companies Act, 2013 or SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
    2015 from time to time. Independent directors shall possess such qualification as required under Section
    149 of the companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
    Regulations, 2015. Independent Director shall be appointed for such period as prescribed under relevant
    provisions of the companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
    Regulations, 2015 and shall not be liable to retire by rotation

                                 PROCEEDINGS OF THE BOARD

65. (i) The Board of Directors may meet for the conduct of business, adjourn and otherwise regulate its
    meetings, as it thinks fit.

    (ii) A director may, and the manager or secretary on the requisition of a director shall, at any time,
    summon a meeting of the Board.

66. (i) Save as otherwise expressly provided in the Act, questions arising at any meeting of the Board shall
    be decided by a majority of votes.

    (ii) In case of an equality of votes, the Chairperson of the Board, if any, shall have a second or casting
    vote.

67. The continuing Directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the Board; but, if and so long as their
    number is reduced below the quorum fixed by the Act for a meeting of the Board, the continuing
    Directors or director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to that fixed for the
    quorum, or of summoning a general meeting of the company, but for no other purpose.

68. (i) The Board may elect a Chairperson of its meetings and determine the period for which he is to hold
    office.

    (ii) If no such Chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the Chairperson is not present within five
    minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the Directors present may choose one of their
    number to be Chairperson of the meeting.
69. (i) The Board may, subject to the provisions of the Actand listing agreement to be executed with Stock
    Exchange(s), delegate any of its powers to committees consisting of such member or members of its
    body as it thinks fit.



                                                   320
     (ii) Any committee so formed shall, in the exercise of the powers so delegated, conform to any
     regulations that may be imposed on it by the Board.

 70. (i) A committee may elect a Chairperson of its meetings.

     (ii) If no such Chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the Chairperson is not present within five
     minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the members present may choose one of their
     members to be Chairperson of the meeting.

 71. (i) A committee may meet and adjourn as it thinks fit.

     (ii) Questions arising at any meeting of a committee shall be determined by a majority of votes of the
     members present, and in case of an equality of votes, the Chairperson shall have a second or casting
     vote.

 72. All acts done in any meeting of the Board or of a committee thereof or by any person acting as a director,
     shall, notwithstanding that it may be afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment
     of any one or more of such Directors or of any person acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them
     were disqualified, be as valid as if every such director or such person had been duly appointed and was
     qualified to be a director.

 73. Save as otherwise expressly provided in the Act, a resolution in writing, signed by all the members of
     the Board or of a committee thereof, for the time being entitled to receive notice of a meeting of the
     Board or committee, shall be valid and effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Board or
     committee, duly convened and held.

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, MANAGER, COMPANY SECRETARY OR CHIEF FINANCIAL
                               OFFICER

 74. Subject to the provisions of the Act,—

     (i) A chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer may be appointed
         by the Board for such term, at such remuneration and upon such conditions as it may thinks fit; and
         any chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer so appointed may
         be removed by means of a resolution of the Board;

     (ii) A director may be appointed as chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief
          financial officer.
 75. A provision of the Act or these regulations requiring or authorising a thing to be done by or to a director
     and chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer shall not be satisfied
     by its being done by or to the same person acting both as director and as, or in place of, chief executive
     officer, manager, company secretary or chief financial officer.

                                               THE SEAL

 76. (i) The Board shall provide for the safe custody of the seal.

     (ii) The seal of the company shall not be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution
     of the Board or of a committee of the Board authorised by it in that behalf, and except in the presence of
     at least two Directors and of the secretary or such other person as the Board may appoint for the purpose;
     and those two Directors and the secretary or other person aforesaid shall sign every instrument to which
     the seal of the company is so affixed in their presence.

                                     DIVIDENDS AND RESERVE


                                                    321
77. The company in general meeting may declare dividends, but no dividend shall exceed the amount
    recommended by the Board.

78. Subject to the provisions of section 123, the Board may from time to time pay to the members such
    interim dividends as appear to it to be justified by the profits of the company.

79. (i) The Board may, before recommending any dividend, set aside out of the profits of the company such
    sums as it thinks fit as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Board, be applicable for
    any purpose to which the profits of the company may be properly applied, including provision for
    meeting contingencies or for equalizing dividends; and pending such application, may, at the like
    discretion, either be employed in the business of the company or be invested in such investments (other
    than shares of the company) as the Board may, from time to time, thinks fit.

    (ii) The Board may also carry forward any profits which it may consider necessary not to divide, without
    setting them aside as a reserve.

80. (i) Subject to the rights of persons, if any, entitled to shares with special rights as to dividends, all
    dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid or credited as paid on the shares in
    respect whereof the dividend is paid, but if and so long as nothing is paid upon any of the shares in the
    company, dividends may be declared and paid according to the amounts of the shares.
    (ii) No amount paid or credited as paid on a share in advance of calls shall be treated for the purposes of
    this regulation as paid on the share.

    (iii) All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amounts paid or credited as paid
    on the shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid; but if
    any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date such share
    shall rank for dividend accordingly.

81. The Board may deduct from any dividend payable to any member all sums of money, if any, presently
    payable by him to the company on account of calls or otherwise in relation to the shares of the company.

82. (i) Any dividend, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of shares may be paid by cheque or
    warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint
    holders, to the registered address of that one of the joint holders who is first named on the register of
    members, or to such person and to such address as the holder or joint holders may in writing direct.

    (ii) Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent.

83. Any one of two or more joint holders of a share may give effective receipts for any dividends, bonuses
    or other monies payable in respect of such share.

84. Notice of any dividend that may have been declared shall be given to the persons entitled to share therein
    in the manner mentioned in the Act.

85. a) No dividend shall bear interest against the company.

    b) No unclaimed dividends shall be forfeited. Unclaimed dividends shall be dealt with in accordance to
    the provisions of Sections 123 and 124 of the Companies Act, 2013

                                              ACCOUNTS




                                                    322
86. (i) The Board shall from time to time determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places
    and under what conditions or regulations, the accounts and books of the company, or any of them, shall
    be open to the inspection of members not being Directors.

    (ii) No member (not being a director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document
    of the company except as conferred by law or authorised by the Board or by the company in general
    meeting.
                                            WINDING UP

87. Subject to the provisions of Chapter XX of the Act and rules made thereunder—

    (i) If the company shall be wound up, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of the
    company and any other sanction required by the Act, divide amongst the members, in specie or kind, the
    whole or any part of the assets of the company, whether they shall consist of property of the same kind
    or not.

    (ii) For the purpose aforesaid, the liquidator may set such value as he deems fair upon any property to
    be divided as aforesaid and may determine how such division shall be carried out as between the
    members or different classes of members.

    (iii) The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon
    such trusts for the benefit of the contributories if he considers necessary, but so that no member shall be
    compelled to accept any shares or other securities whereon there is any liability.

                                             INDEMNITY

88. Every officer of the company shall be indemnified out of the assets of the company against any liability
    incurred by him in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in
    his favour or in which he is acquitted or in which relief is granted to him by the court or the Tribunal.

                                      BORROWING POWERS

89. (a) Subject to sections 73, 179, 180 and other applicable provisions of the Act, and Rules and Regulations
    made there under, as amended from time to time and other Directions issued by the RBI, or any other
    statutory authority, the directors may, from time to time, raise or borrow any sums of money for and on
    behalf of the Company from the member or other persons, companies or banks or financial institutions
    etc. or they may themselves advance money to the company on such interest as may be approved by the
    Directors or shareholders.

    (b) The Directors may subject to the applicable provisions of the Act, and Rules and Regulations made
    there under, as amended from time to time and other Directions issued by the RBI or any other statutory
    authority, from time to time, secure the payment of such money in such manner and upon such terms
    and conditions in all respects as they deem fit and in particular by the issue of bonds or debentures or by
    pledge, mortgage, charge or any other security on all or any properties of the Company (both present
    and future) including its uncalled capital for the time being.

                            DEMATERIALISATION OF SECURITIES

    For the purpose of this Article: ‘Depository/ Depositories’ means a company formed and registered
    under the Companies Act, 2013, and which has been granted a certificate of registration to act as a
    depository under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 and ‘Security/ Securities’’ means
    such security as may be specified by SEBI from time to time.

90. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Articles, the Company shall have the
    right to dematerialize its shares, debentures, and other securities, and to rematerialize such shares,

                                                   323
debentures, or other securities held in the depositories, in accordance with the provisions of the Act and
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 1996 as
amended from time to time. The Company may also offer its securities in dematerialized form as per the
relevant provisions of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, or any other
applicable law or regulations in force as amended from time to time.

(b) The Company shall take all necessary steps to ensure compliance with the applicable rules and
regulations governing the dematerialisation and rematerialisation of securities.




                                              324
325
                                 SECTION IX – OTHER INFORMATION
                   MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION

The following contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business carried on by the
Company or entered into more than two years before the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus) which are or
may be deemed material have been entered or to be entered into by the Company which are or may be deemed
material will be attached to the copy of the Red Herring Prospectus/Prospectus, to be filed with the Registrar of
Companies. Copies of the abovementioned contracts and also the documents for inspection referred to hereunder,
may be inspected at the Registered and Corporate Office between 10:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. on all Working Days
from the date of the Red Herring Prospectus until the Bid/Issue Closing Date and will also be available on the
website of our company at www.himalayanutravedics.com (except for such documents or agreements executed
after the Bid/Offer Closing Date).

MATERIAL CONTRACTS

1.   Issue Agreement dated March 23, 2026 between our Company and the Book Running Lead Manager to the
     Issue.

2.   Registrar to the Issue Agreement dated March 17, 2026 executed between our Company and the Registrar to
     the Issue.

3.   Bankers to the Issue Agreement dated [●] among our Company, the Book Running Lead Manager, the
     Bankers to the Issue and the Registrar to the Issue.

4.   Market Making Agreement dated [●] between our Company, the Book Running Lead Manager and the
     Market Maker.

5.   Underwriting Agreement dated [●] between our Company, the Book Running Lead Manager and the
     Underwriter.

6.   Tripartite Agreement dated January 20, 2026 among CDSL, the Company and the Registrar to the Issue.

7.   Tripartite Agreement dated January 20, 2026 among NSDL, the Company and the Registrar to the Issue.


MATERIAL DOCUMENTS

1.   Certified copies of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company as amended.

2.   Certificate of Incorporation dated June 16, 2022 issued by the Registrar of Companies, Central Registration
     Centre.

3.   Fresh Certificate of Incorporation Consequent upon Conversion from Private Company to Public Company
     dated December 12, 2025 issued by the Registrar of Companies, Central Processing Centre, consequent
     upon change of Name of the company from “Himalaya Nutravedics India Private Limited” to “Himalaya
     Nutravedics India Limited”.

4.   Copy of the Board Resolution dated March 06, 2026 authorizing the Issue and other related matters.

5.   Copy of Shareholder’s Resolution dated March 09, 2026 authorizing the Issue and other related matters.

6.   Site visit report dated March 26, 2026 prepared by the Book Running Lead Manager.

7.   Copies of Audited Financial Statements of our Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, March
     31, 2025, March 31, 2024.

8.   Copies of Annual Reports of our Company for the preceding three financial years i.e., 2026, 2025 and 2024.



                                                      326
9.   Peer Review Auditor’s Report dated May 7, 2026 on the Restated Financial Statements for the financial
     years ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024.

10. Copy of the Statement of Tax Benefits dated May 11, 2026 from Peer Review Auditor.

11. Certificate dated May 15, 2026, from J Singh & Associates, Chartered Accountants, issued with respect to
    the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of the Company.

12. Consent of Statutory & Peer review Auditor of the Company dated May 11, 2026 from J Singh & Associates,
    Chartered Accountants, to include their name as required under section 26(5) of the Companies Act, 2013
    read with SEBI ICDR Regulations, in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and as an “expert” as defined under
    section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of various certifications issued by them in their capacity
    as Statutory Auditor to our Company.

13. Consent of Independent Chartered Engineer dated May 6, 2026 from Inn Tech Global Valuers Private
    Limited, to include his name as required under section 26(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI
    ICDR Regulations, in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and as an “expert” as defined under section 2(38)
    of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of various certifications issued by them in their capacity as
    Independent Chartered Engineer to our Company.

14. Consents of the Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue, Legal Advisor to the Issue, Registrar to the Issue,
    Market Maker*, Underwriter*, Syndicate Member*, Banker(s) to the Issue/Sponsor Bank*, Statutory and
    Peer Review Auditor of the Company, Banker(s) to our Company, Directors, Promoters, Company Secretary
    and Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as referred to, in their respective capacities.

     *The aforesaid will be appointed prior filing of Red Herring Prospectus with RoC and their consents as
     above mentioned will be obtained prior filing of the Red Herring Prospectus/ Prospectus with RoC.

15. Industry report titled “Blending Nature and Science: Nutraceuticals and Ayurveda Industry” dated May 15,
    2026, prepared by Infomerics Analytics & Research, exclusively commissioned and paid for by our
    Company in connection with the Issue and is available on our Company’s website at
    www.himalayanutravedics.com

16. Consent dated May 15, 2026 from Informerics issued for inclusion of their name and to reproduce the
    industry report titled “Blending Nature and Science: Nutraceuticals and Ayurveda Industry” dated May 15,
    2026 in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

17. Board Resolution dated May 15, 2026 for approval of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.

18. Board Resolution dated May 15, 2026 for approval of Draft Abridged Prospectus.

19. Due Diligence Certificate from Book Running Lead Manager dated May 15, 2026.

20. Approval from BSE Limited vide letter dated [●] to use its name for listing of Equity Shares on the SME
    platform of the BSE Limited.

21. Resolution dated May 15, 2026 passed by the Audit Committee approving KPIs.

Any of the contracts or documents mentioned in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus may be amended or modified
at any time if so, required in the interest of our Company or if required by the other parties, without reference to
the Shareholders subject to compliance of the provisions contained in the Companies Act and other relevant statute.




                                                       327
                                              DECLARATIONS

I hereby declare that all relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the guidelines and regulations issued
by the Government of India and the guidelines/regulations issued by the Government of India or the
guidelines/regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, established under Section 3 of the
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as the case may be, have been complied with and no statement
made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is contrary to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities
and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 or the rules made or guidelines or regulations issued thereunder, as the
case may be. I further certify that all statements made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are true and correct.

SIGNED BY CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR OF OUR COMPANY

 Name                   Designation                              Signature
 Rohit Asawa            Chairman & Managing Director             Sd/-
 (DIN-06379120)



Place: Hyderabad, Telangana
Date: May 15, 2026




                                                       328
                                               DECLARATION

I hereby declare that all relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the guidelines and regulations issued
by the Government of India and the guidelines/regulations issued by the Government of India or the
guidelines/regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, established under Section 3 of the
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as the case may be, have been complied with and no statement
made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is contrary to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities
and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 or the rules made or guidelines or regulations issued thereunder, as the
case may be. I further certify that all statements made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are true and correct.

SIGNED BY NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF OUR COMPANY

 Name                   Designation                              Signature
 Divya Asawa (DIN-      Non-Executive Director                   Sd/-
 11079091)

Place: Hyderabad, Telangana
Date: May 15, 2026




                                                       329
                                               DECLARATION

I hereby declare that all relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the guidelines and regulations issued
by the Government of India and the guidelines/regulations issued by the Government of India or the
guidelines/regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, established under Section 3 of the
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as the case may be, have been complied with and no statement
made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is contrary to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities
and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 or the rules made or guidelines or regulations issued thereunder, as the
case may be. I further certify that all statements made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are true and correct.

SIGNED BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF OUR COMPANY

 Name                   Designation                              Signature
 Abhisheak Dhoot        Independent Director                     Sd/-
 (DIN- 11353104)



Place: Hyderabad, Telangana
Date: May 15, 2026




                                                       330
                                               DECLARATION

I hereby declare that all relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the guidelines and regulations issued
by the Government of India and the guidelines/regulations issued by the Government of India or the
guidelines/regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, established under Section 3 of the
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as the case may be, have been complied with and no statement
made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is contrary to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities
and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 or the rules made or guidelines or regulations issued thereunder, as the
case may be. I further certify that all statements made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are true and correct.

SIGNED BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF OUR COMPANY

 Name                   Designation                              Signature
 Ramya Inala (DIN-      Independent Director                     Sd/-
 08369694)


Place: Hyderabad, Telangana
Date: May 15, 2026




                                                       331
                                               DECLARATION

I hereby declare that all relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the guidelines and regulations issued
by the Government of India and the guidelines/regulations issued by the Government of India or the
guidelines/regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, established under Section 3 of the
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as the case may be, have been complied with and no statement
made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is contrary to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities
and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 or the rules made or guidelines or regulations issued thereunder, as the
case may be. I further certify that all statements made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are true and correct.

SIGNED BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF OUR COMPANY

 Name                   Designation                              Signature
 Krishna Kanth          Chief Financial Officer                  Sd/-
 Sarda



Place: Hyderabad, Telangana
Date: May 15, 2026




                                                       332
                                               DECLARATION

I hereby declare that all relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the guidelines and regulations issued
by the Government of India and the guidelines/regulations issued by the Government of India or the
guidelines/regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, established under Section 3 of the
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as the case may be, have been complied with and no statement
made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is contrary to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities
and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 or the rules made or guidelines or regulations issued thereunder, as the
case may be. I further certify that all statements made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are true and correct.

SIGNED BY COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER OF OUR COMPANY

 Name                   Designation                              Signature
 Pooja Biyani           Company Secretary & Compliance           Sd/-
                        Officer


Place: Hyderabad, Telangana
Date: May 15, 2026




                                                       333
