(Please scan this QR code to view the RHP)




                                              PESHWA WHEAT LIMITED
                                             Corporate Identity Numbers: U10797MP2023PLC069079
Our Company was originally formed as Partnership Firm, under the Partnership Act 1932 (“Partnership Act”) in the name
and style of “M/s. Peshwa Wheat” pursuant to Deed of Partnership dated September 13, 2017. Thereafter, the Partnership
Firm was converted into Public Limited Company under the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 in the name and style
“Peshwa Wheat Limited” and a fresh certificate of incorporation dated December 26, 2023, was issued by Registrar of
Companies, Central Registration Centre. The Corporate Identification Number of our Company is
U10797MP2023PLC069079. For further details, please refer to chapter titled “History and Corporate Structure”
beginning on page no. 178 of the Red Herring Prospectus.
Registered Office: 308 The One, A Block RNT Marg, Near Silver Mall, Tukoganj, Indore- 452001, Madhya Pradesh.
       Telephone No.: +91 88788 76796; Email: info@peshwawheat.com; Website: www.peshwawheat.com;
                      Contact Person: Ms. Ritu Jain; Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
                          Corporate Identification Number: U10797MP2023PLC069079.
INITIAL PUBLIC ISSUE OF 52,99,200 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹ 10/- EACH OF PESHWA
WHEAT LIMITED (“PWL” OR THE “COMPANY” OR THE “ISSUER”) FOR CASH AT A PRICE OF ₹ [●]/-
PER EQUITY SHARE INCLUDING A SHARE PREMIUM OF ₹ [●]/- PER EQUITY SHARE (THE “ISSUE
PRICE”) AGGREGATING TO ₹ [●] LAKHS (“THE ISSUE”), OF WHICH 2,95,200 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE
VALUE OF ₹ 10/- EACH FOR CASH AT A PRICE OF ₹ [●]/- PER EQUITY SHARE INCLUDING A SHARE
PREMIUM OF ₹ [●]/- PER EQUITY SHARE AGGREGATING TO ₹ [●] LAKHS WILL BE RESERVED FOR
SUBSCRIPTION BY MARKET MAKER TO THE ISSUE (THE “MARKET MAKER RESERVATION
PORTION”). THE ISSUE LESS THE MARKET MAKER RESERVATION PORTION i.e. NET ISSUE OF
50,04,000 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹ 10/- EACH AT A PRICE OF ₹ [●]/- PER EQUITY SHARE
INCLUDING A SHARE PREMIUM OF ₹ [●]/- PER EQUITY SHARE AGGREGATING TO ₹ [●] LAKHS IS
HEREIN AFTER REFERRED TO AS THE “NET ISSUE”. THE ISSUE AND THE NET ISSUE WILL
CONSTITUTE 27.85 % AND 26.30 %, RESPECTIVELY, OF THE POST ISSUE PAID UP EQUITY SHARE
CAPITAL OF OUR COMPANY. THE FACE VALUE OF THE EQUITY SHARES IS ₹ 10/- EACH.
GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT FOR INVESTING IN PUBLIC ISSUES
This General Information Document (“GID”) highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public
issues in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Companies Act, 1956 (without reference to the
provisions thereof that have ceased to have effect upon the notification of the Companies Act, 2013), the Securities
Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957 and the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. Applicants shall not construe the
contents of this General Information Document as legal advice and shall consult their own legal counsel and other advisors
in relation to the legal matters concerning the Issue. For taking an investment decision, the Applicants shall rely on their
own examination of the Issuer and the Issue and shall carefully read the Red Herring Prospectus before Investing in the
Issue.
Disclaimer: The General Information Document is provided by SEBI under SEBI Circular
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 dated march 17, 2020 afterwards SEBI through its circular
SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P2023/140 dated August 09, 2023 proposed the reduced timelines for listing of shares in Public
Issue from existing T+6 days to T+3 days.
The new frame work under the T+3 days listing will be as follows:
Sequence of Activities                             Listing within T+3 days (T is Issue Closing Date)
Application         Submission by                  Electronic Applications (Online ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts) – Upto
Investors                                          04:00 PM on T Day.
                                            Electronic Applications (Bank ASBA through Online channels like Internet
                                            Banking, Mobile Banking and Syndicate UPI ASBA etc) – Upto 04:00 PM
                                            on T Day.

                                            Electronic      Applications     (Syndicate    Non-Retail, Non-
                                            Individual Applications) – Upto 03:00 PM on T Day.
                                            Physical Applications (Bank ASBA) – Upto 01:00 PM on T Day.

                                            Physical Applications (Syndicate Non-Individual, Non- Individual
                                            Applications of QIBs and NIIs) – Upto 12:00 PM on T Day and Syndicate
                                            members shall transfer such applications to banks before 01:00 PM on T Day.
    Bid Modification                        From Issue opening date up to 04:00 PM on T Day
    Validation of bid details with          From Issue opening date up to 05:00 PM on T Day
    depositories
    Reconciliation of UPI mandate On Daily basis
    transactions (Based on the guidelines
    issued by NPCI from time to time):
    Among Stock Exchanges – Sponsor
    Banks – NPCI and NPCI        –
    PSPs/TPAPs** –
    Issuer Banks;
    Reporting formats of bid information, Merchant Bankers to submit to SEBI, as and when sought.
    UPI analysis report and compliance
    timelines.
    UPI Mandate acceptance time             T day – 05:00 PM
    Issue Closure                           T day – 04:00 PM for QIB and NII categories

                                            T day – 04:00 PM for Individual Investors and other reserved categories
    Third     party    check    on    UPI On daily basis and to be completed before 9:30 AM on T+1 day.
    applications
    Third party check on Non-               On daily basis and to be completed before 01:00 pm on T+1 day.
    UPI applications.
     Submission        of       final       UPI ASBA – Before 09:30 pm on T day.
     certificates:
i. For        UPI      from Sponsor         All SCSBs for Direct ASBA – Before 07:30 pm on T day
     Bank
ii. For Bank ASBA, from all SCSBs           Syndicate ASBA - Before 07:30 pm on T day
iii. For syndicate ASBA
     Finalization of rejections and Before 06:00 PM on T+1 day.
     completion of basis
     Approval          of       basis    by Before 09:00 PM on T+1 day.
     Stock Exchange
     Issuance of fund transfer instructions Initiation not later than 09:30 am on T+2 day; Completion before 02:00 PM on
     in separate files for debit and        T+2 day for fund transfer; Completion before 04:00 PM on T+2 day for
     unblock.                               unblocking.
     For Bank ASBA and Online ASBA –
     To all SCSBs
     For UPI ASBA – To
     Sponsor Bank
     Corporate         action execution for Initiation before 02:00 PM on T+2 day
     credit of shares
                                            Completion before 06:00 PM on T+2 day
     Filing of         listing application  Before 7:30 PM on T+2 day
     with Stock Exchanges and issuance of
trading notice
Publish allotment advertisement            On website of Issuer, Merchant Banker and RTI - before 09:00 PM on T+2
                                           day.
                                           In newspapers – On T+3 day but not later than T+4 day
Trading starts                             T+3 day

**PSPs/TPAPs = Payment Service Providers/Third Party Application Provider
SEBI through its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018 read with its circular no
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June
28, 2019, has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface (UPI) and consequent
reduction in timelines for listing in a phased manner. From January 1, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for RIBs applying through
Designated Intermediaries was made effective along with the existing process and existing timeline of T+6 days. (“UPI
Phase I”). The UPI Phase I was effective till June 30, 2019. With effect from July 1, 2019, with respect to Application by
individual investors through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), the existing process of physical movement of
forms from such Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been discontinued and only the UPI
Mechanism for such Bids with existing timeline of T+6 days will continue for a period of three months or launch of five
main board public issues, whichever is later (“UPI Phase II”). SEBI has vide its circular
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019 extended the timeline for implementation of Phase II till
March 31, 2020. On March 30, 2020 wide circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2 SEBI has further extended UPI
Phase II timeline till further notice.
Subsequently, the final reduced timeline will be made effective using the UPI Mechanism for applications by individual
investors (“UPI Phase III”), as may be prescribed by SEBI. Accordingly, the issue will be made under UPI Phase II, unless
UPI Phase III becomes effective and applicable on or prior to the Bid / Offer Opening Date. The processing fees for
applications made by Individual investors bidders using the UPI Mechanism may be released to the remitter banks (SCSBs)
only after such banks provide a written confirmation on compliance with SEBI Circular No: 4 SEBI/
HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 02, 2021 read with SEBI Circular No: SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/
P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021 and as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 April 20, 2022, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30,
2022 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard. The final reduced timeline of T+3 days
for the UPI Mechanism for applications by UPI Bidders (“UPI Phase III”), and modalities of the implementation of UPI
Phase III maybe notified and made effective subsequently as may be prescribed by SEBI. SEBI, vide its circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 (the “T+3 Circular”), has made reduced timeline of T+3 days
effective on a voluntary basis for all public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and on a mandatory basis for all
public issues opening on or after December 1, 2023. for more details, please refer the page no. 1 of this General Information
Document.
Merchant Banker shall be the nodal entity for any issues arising out of public issuance process.
In terms of regulation 23(5) and regulation 271 of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2018, the timelines and processes mentioned in SEBI Circular. No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated
November 08, 2019 shall continue to form part of the agreements being signed between the intermediaries involved in
the public issuance process and book running lead managers shall continue to coordinate with intermediaries involved
in the said process. For delayed unblock applications, investor must be compensated at a uniform rate of Rs. 100/- per
day for the entire duration of delay since ‘T+4’. Merchant banker will fix the liability on the intermediary responsible
for the delay in unblocking.
Important Note: This General Information Document relates to the Public Issue of Equity Shares of ₹10/- each fully paid
of Peshwa Wheat Limited (“Issuer” or the “Company”) for an aggregate amount of ₹ [●] Lakhs (“the Issue”) in Terms of
Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 (As amended from time to time), under the Book Building Mode and
are proposed to be listed on the SME Platform of Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (“BSE”). Accordingly, the Investors
are advised to refer to the particulars of this GID in context of Book Building Issue being made under Chapter IX of the
SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.
TABLE OF CONTENTS


SECTION 1: PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT (GID) ...................................................... 3
SECTION 2: BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO IPOs/ FPOs .................................................................................................... 7
SECTION 3: CATEGORY OF INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN AN ISSUE ........................................ 10
SECTION 4: APPLYING IN THE ISSUE ......................................................................................................................... 12
SECTION 5: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN BOOK BUILT ISSUE ......................................................................................... 30
SECTION 6: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN FIXED PRICE ISSUE ......................................................................................... 33
SECTION 7: ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT ................................................................ 34
SECTION 8: INTEREST AND REFUNDS ....................................................................................................................... 37
SECTION 9: GLOSSARY AND ABBREVIATIONS ....................................................................................................... 38




                                                                             2
                SECTION 1: PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT (GID)
This document is applicable to the public issues undertaken through the Book-Building Process as well as to the Fixed
Price Issues. The purpose of the “General Information Document for Investing in Public Issues” is to provide general
guidance to potential Bidders/ Applicants in IPOs and FPOs, and on the processes and procedures governing IPOs and
FPOs, undertaken in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.
Bidders/ Applicants should note that investment in equity and equity related securities involves risk and Bidder/ Applicant
should not invest any funds in the Issue unless they can afford to take the risk of losing their investment. The specific terms
relating to securities and/or for subscribing to securities in an Issue and the relevant information about the Issuer
undertaking the Issue are setout in the Red Herring Prospectus (“RHP”)/ Prospectus filed by the Issuer with the Registrar
of Companies (“RoC”). Bidders/ Applicants should carefully read the entire RHP/ Prospectus, the Bid cum Application
Form/ Application Form and the Abridged Prospectus of the Issuer in which they are proposing to invest through the Issue.
In case of any difference in interpretation or conflict and/or overlap between the disclosure included in this document and
the RHP/Prospectus, the disclosures in the RHP/ Prospectus shall prevail. The RHP/ Prospectus of the Issuer is available
on the websites of stock exchanges, on the website(s) of the BRLM(s) to the Issue and on the website of Securities and
Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) at www.sebi.gov.in.
For the definitions of capitalized terms and abbreviations used herein Bidders/ Applicants may refer to the section
“Glossary and Abbreviations”.




                                                              3
                                       SECTION 2: BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO IPOs/ FPOs
       2.1.   Initial public Issue (IPO)
       An IPO means an Issue of specified securities by an unlisted Issuer to the public for subscription and may include an Issue
       for Sale of specified securities to the public by any existing holder of such securities in an unlisted Issuer.
       2.2.   Further public Issue (FPO)
       An FPO means an Issue of specified securities by a listed Issuer to the public for subscription and may include Issue for
       Sale of specified securities to the public by any existing holder of such securities in a listed Issuer.
       2.3.   Other Eligibility Requirements:
       An Issuer proposing to undertake an IPO or an FPO is required to comply with various other requirements as specified in
       the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Companies Act, 2013 (to the extent notified and in effect),
       the SCRR, industry-specific regulations, if any, and other applicable laws for the time being in force.
       For details in relation to the above Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.
       2.4.   Types of Public Issues – Fixed Price Issues and Book Built Issues
       In accordance with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, an Issuer can either determine the Issue Price through
       the Book Building Process (“Book Built Issue”) or undertake a Fixed Price Issue (“Fixed Price Issue”).
       The cap on the Price Band should be less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price. The Issuer shall announce the Price or
       the Floor Price or the Price Band through advertisement in all newspapers in which the pre-Issue advertisement was given
       at least two Working Days before the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, in case of an IPO and at least one Working Day before the
       Bid/ Issue Opening Date, in case of an FPO and determine the Issue Price at a later date before registering the Prospectus
       with the Registrar of Companies.
       The Floor Price or the Issue price cannot be lesser than the face value of the securities.
       Bidders/Applicants should refer to the RHP/Prospectus or Issue advertisements to check whether the Issue is a Book Built
       Issue or a Fixed Price Issue.
       2.5.   Issue Period
       The Issue shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days (for all categories of Bidders/Applicants) and not more
       than ten Working Days. Bidders/Applicants are advised to refer to the Bid cum Application Form and Abridged Prospectus
       or RHP/Prospectus for details of the Bid/ Issue Period. Details of Bid/ Issue Period are also available on the website of the
       Stock Exchange(s).
       In case of a Book Built Issue, the Issuer may close the Bid/ Issue Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/ Issue
       Closing Date if disclosures to that effect are made in the RHP. In case of revision in the Price Band in Book Built Issues
       the Bid/ Issue Period may be extended by at least three Working Days, subject to the total Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding
       ten Working Days. For details of any revision of the Price Band, Bidders/ Applicants may check the announcements made
       by the Issuer on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the BRLM(s), and the advertisement in the newspaper(s) issued
       in this regard.
       In case of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, the Issuer may, for reasons to be recorded in writing,
       extend the bidding (Issue) period for a minimum period of three working days, subject to the total Bid/ Issue Period not
       exceeding 10 Working Days.
2.6.   Flowchart of Timelines
       A flow chart of process flow in Fixed Price and Book Built Issues is as follows. Bidders/ Applicants may note that this is
       notapplicable for Fast Track FPOs.:




                                                                      7
Sequence of Activities                  Listing within T+3 days (T is Issue Closing Date)
Application         Submission by       Electronic Applications (Online ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts)
Investors                               *For Individual Investor – Upto 4 pm on T Day.

                                        Electronic Applications (Bank ASBA through Online Channels like
                                        Internet Banking, Mobile Banking and Syndicate UPI ASBA etc.) – Upto
                                        4 pm on T Day.


                                        Electronic Applications (Syndicate Non-Individual, Non-Institutional
                                        Applications) – Upto 3 pm on T Day.
                                        Physical Applications (Bank ASBA) – Upto 1 pm on T Day.


                                        Physical Applications (Syndicate Non-Individual, Non-Institutional
                                        Applications) – Upto 12 pm on T Day and Syndicate members shall transfer
                                        such applications to banks before 1 pm on T Day.
Bid Modification                        From Issue opening date up to 4 pm on T Day.
Validation of bid details with          From Issue opening date up to 5 pm on T Day.
depositories
Reconciliation    of   UPI     mandate On Daily basis
transactions (Based on the guidelines
issued by NPCI from time to time):




Among Stock Exchanges – Sponsor Banks
– NPCI and NPCI – PSPs/TPAPs** –
Issuer Banks;



Reporting formats of bid information, UPI Merchant Bankers to submit to SEBI, as and when sought
analysis report and compliance timelines.


UPI Mandate acceptance time             T day – 05:00 PM
Issue Closure                           T Day – 4 pm for Individual Investors, QIB, NII and other reserved
                                        categories



                                                        8
 Third party check on UPI                    On daily basis and to be completed before 9:30 AM on T + 1 day
 applications
 Third party check on Non-                   On daily basis and to be completed before 1 pm on T + 1 day.
 UPI applications.
  Submission        of       final           Before 9:30 pm on T + 1 day
  certificates:                              All SCSBS for Direct ASBA – Before 07.30 pm on T Day
  -For UPI          from Sponsor Bank        Syndicate ASBA – Before 07:30 pm on T Day.
  - For Bank ASBA, from all SCSBs
- For syndicate ASBA
  Finalization of rejections and             Before 6 pm on T + 1 day.
  completion of basis
  Approval          of       basis   by      Before 9 pm on T + 1 day
  Stock Exchange
  Issuance of fund transfer instructions     Intimation not later than 9.30 am on T + 2 day.
  in separate files for debit and unblock.   Completion before 2 pm on T + 2 day for fund transfer;
  For Bank ASBA and Online ASBA –            Completion before 4 pm on T + 2 day for unblocking
  To all SCSBs
  For UPI ASBA – To
  Sponsor Bank
  Corporate         action execution for Intimation before 2 pm on T + 2 day
  credit of shares                       Completion before 6 pm on T+ 2 day
 Filing of      listing application with Before 7:30 pm on T+2 day
 Stock Exchanges and issuance of
 trading notice
 Publish allotment advertisement          On website of Issuer, Merchant Banker and RTI - before 9 pm on T+2 day.
                                          In newspapers – On T+3 day but not later than T+4 day
 Trading starts                           T+3 day
In accordance with BSE Circular No: 20220803-40 and NSE Circular No: 25/2022, each dated August 3, 2022, for all
pending UPI Mandate Requests, the Sponsor Banks shall initiate requests for blocking of funds in the ASBA Accounts of
relevant Bidders with a confirmation cut-off time of 5:00 pm on the Bid/Issue Closing Date.




                                                            9
            SECTION 3: CATEGORY OF INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN AN ISSUE
Each Bidder/Applicant should check whether it is eligible to apply under applicable law. Furthermore, certain categories
of Bidders/Applicants, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to Bid/Apply in the Issue or to hold Equity
Shares, in excess of certain limits or in specific sectors as specified under applicable law. Bidders/Applicants are requested
to refer to the RHP/Prospectus for more details.
Subject to the above, an illustrative list of Bidders/Applicants is as follows:
•   Indian nationals resident in India who are not incompetent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, as amended,
    in single or as a joint application and minors having valid Demat account as per Demographic Details provided by the
    Depositories. Furthermore, based on the information provided by the Depositories, our Company shall have the right
    to accept the Applications belonging to an account for the benefit of minor (under guardianship);
•   Hindu Undivided Families or HUFs, in the individual name of the Karta. The Bidder should specify that the application
    is being made in the name of the HUF in the Bid Cum Application Form as follows: ―Name of Sole or First Bidder:
    XYZ Hindu Undivided Family applying through XYZ, where XYZ is the name of the Karta. Applications by HUFs
    would be considered at par with those from individuals;
•   Companies, corporate bodies and societies registered under the applicable laws in India and authorized to invest in the
    Equity Shares under their respective constitutional and charter documents;
•   Mutual Funds registered with SEBI;
•   Eligible NRIs on a repatriation basis or on a non-repatriation basis, subject to applicable laws. NRIs other than Eligible
    NRIs are not eligible to participate in this Issue;
•   Indian Financial Institutions, scheduled commercial banks, regional rural banks, co-operative banks (subject to RBI
    permission, and the SEBI Regulations and other laws, as applicable);
•   FPIs other than Category III FPI; VCFs and FVCIs registered with SEBI;
•   Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs) registered in India and authorized to invest in equity shares;
•   Sub-accounts of FIIs registered with SEBI, which are foreign corporate or foreign individuals only under the Non-
    Institutional Bidders category;
•   Venture Capital Funds and Alternative Investment Fund (I) registered with SEBI; State Industrial Development
    Corporations;
•   Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with the SEBI;
•   Trusts/societies registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, as amended, or under any other law relating to
    Trusts and who are authorized under their constitution to hold and invest in equity shares;
•   Scientific and/or Industrial Research Organizations authorized to invest in equity shares;
•   Insurance Companies registered with Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority, India;
•   Provident Funds with minimum corpus of Rs. 25 Crores and who are authorized under their constitution to hold and
    invest in equity shares;
•   Pension Funds and Pension Funds with minimum corpus of Rs. 25 Crores and who are authorized under their
    constitution to hold and invest in equity shares;
•   National Investment Fund set up by Resolution no. F. No. 2/3/2005-DDII dated November 23, 2005 of Government
    of India published in the Gazette of India;
•   Multilateral and bilateral development financial institution;
•   Eligible QFIs;
•   Insurance funds set up and managed by army, navy or air force of the Union of India;
•   Insurance funds set up and managed by the Department of Posts, India;
•   Any other person eligible to apply in this Issue, under the laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and policies applicable
    to them.



                                                               10
Applications not to be made by:
1.   Minors (except through their Guardians)
2.   Partnership firms or their nominations
3.   Foreign Nationals (except NRIs)
4.   Overseas Corporate Bodies
As per the existing regulations, OCBs are not eligible to participate in this Issue. The RBI has however clarified in
its circular, A.P. (DIR Series) Circular No. 44, dated December 8, 2003 that OCBs which are incorporated and are
not under the adverse notice of the RBI are permitted to undertake fresh investments as 138 incorporated non-
resident entities in terms of Regulation 5(1) of RBI Notification No.20/2000-RB dated May 3, 2000 under FDI
Scheme with the prior approval of Government if the investment is through Government Route and with the prior
approval of RBI if the investment is through Automatic Route on case by case basis. OCBs may invest in this Issue
provided it obtains a prior approval from the RBI. On submission of such approval along with the Bid Cum
Application Form, the OCB shall be eligible to be considered for share allocation.




                                                         11
                                       SECTION 4: APPLYING IN THE ISSUE
Book Built Issue: Bidders should only use the specified Bid cum Application Form bearing stamp of a Designated
Intermediary as available or downloaded from the websites of the Stock Exchanges.
Bid cum Application Forms are available with the Designated Intermediaries at the Bidding Centres and at the registered
office of the Issuer. Electronic Bid cum Application Forms will be available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at
least one day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date. For further details regarding availability of Bid cum Application Forms,
Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus and advertisements in the newspaper(s).
Fixed Price Issue: Applicants should only use the specified Bid cum Application Form bearing the stamp of the Designated
Intermediary as available or downloaded from the websites of the Stock Exchanges. Application Forms will also be
available with the Designated Branches of the SCSBs and at the registered office of the Issuer. For further details regarding
availability of Application Forms, Applicants may refer to the Prospectus.
Bidders/Applicants should ensure that they apply in the appropriate category. The prescribed color of the Bid cum
Application Form for various categories of Bidders/Applicants is as follows:
Category                                                                                  Colour of Application Form
Resident Indians, including resident QIBs, Non-Institutional Investors, Individual                   White
Investors and Eligible NRIs applying on a non-repatriation basis
Non-Residents including Eligible NRIs, FII’s, FVCIs etc. applying on a repatriation basis            Blue
Securities issued in an IPO can only be in dematerialized form in accordance with Section 29 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Bidders/Applicants will not have the option of getting the Allotment of specified securities in physical form.
4.1. INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILLING THE BID CUM APPLICATION FORM/ APPLICATION FORM
Bidders/Applicants may note that Bid cum Application Form not filled completely or correctly as per instructions provided
in this GID, the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form are liable to be rejected.
Instructions to fill each field of the Bid cum Application Form can be found on the reverse side of the Bid cum Application
Form.
The samples of the Bid cum Application Form for resident Bidders and the Bid cum Application Form for non-resident
Bidders are reproduced below:




                                                             12
Application Form – For Residents




              13
Specific instructions for filling various fields of the Resident Bid cum Application Form and Non-Resident Bid cum
Application Form and samples are provided below.
                                     Application Form – For Non – Residents




                                                         14
4.1.1. FIELD NUMBER 1: NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF THE SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT
(a)      Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the name provided in this field is exactly the same as the name in which the
         Depository Account is held.
(b)      Mandatory Fields: Bidders/Applicants should note that the name and address fields are compulsory and e-mail
         and/or telephone number/mobile number fields are optional. Bidders/Applicants should note that the contact details
         mentioned in the Bid-cum Application Form/Application Form may be used to dispatch communications
         (including letters notifying the unblocking of the bank accounts of Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) in case
         the communication sent to the address available with the Depositories are returned undelivered or are not available.
         The contact details provided in the Bid cum Application Form may be used by the Issuer, Designated
         Intermediaries and the Registrar to the Issue only for correspondence(s) related to an Issue and for no other
         purposes.
(c)      Joint Bids/Applications: In the case of Joint Bids, the Bids should be made in the name of the Bidders whose name
         appears first in the Depository account. The name so entered should be the same as it appears in the Depository
         records. The signature of only such first Bidders would be required in the Bid cum Application Form/Application
         Form and such first Bidder would be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint holders. All payments may be
         made out in favour of the Bidder whose name appears in the Bid cum Application Form or the Revision Form and
         all communications may be addressed to such Bidder and may be dispatched to his or her address as per the
         Demographic Details received from the Depositories.
(d)      Impersonation: Attention of the Bidders is specifically drawn to the provisions of sub-section (1) of Section 38
         of the Companies Act, 2013 which is reproduced below:
“Any person who:
(a) Makes or abets making of an application in a fictitious name to a company for acquiring, or subscribing for, its
    securities; or
(b) Makes or abets making of multiple applications to a company in different names or in different combinations of his
    name or surname for acquiring or subscribing for its securities; or
(c) Otherwise induces directly or indirectly a company to allot, or register any transfer of, securities to him, or to any other
    person in a fictitious name, shall be liable for action under Section 447."
The liability prescribed under Section 447 of the Companies Act, 2013 includes imprisonment for a term which shall not
beless than six months extending up to 10 years (provided that where the fraud involves public interest, such term shall not
be less than three years) and fine of an amount not less than the amount involved in the fraud, extending up to three times
of such amount.
(e)      Nomination Facility to Bidder/Applicant: Nomination facility is available in accordance with the provisions of
         Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013. For Allotment of the Equity Shares in dematerialized form, there will be
         no separate nomination as the nomination registered with the Depository may prevail. For changing nominations,
         the Bidders/Applicants should inform their respective DP.
4.1.2.   FIELD NUMBER 2: PAN OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT
(a)      PAN (of the sole/ first Bidder/Applicant) provided in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form should be
         exactly the same as the PAN of the person(s) in whose name the relevant beneficiary account is held as per the
         Depositories ‘records.
(b)      PAN is the sole identification number for participants transacting in the securities market irrespective of the amount
         of transaction except for Bids/Applications on behalf of the Central or State Government, Bids/Applications by
         officials appointed by the courts and Bids/Applications by Bidders/Applicants residing in Sikkim (PAN Exempted
         Bidders/Applicants). Consequently, all Bidders/Applicants, other than the PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants, are
         required to disclose their PAN in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form, irrespective of the
         Bid/Application Amount. A Bid cum Application Form/Application Form without PAN, except in case of PAN
         Exempted Bidders/Applicants, is liable to be rejected. Bids/Applications by the Bidders/Applicants whose PAN is
         not available as per the Demographic Details available in their Depository records, are liable to be rejected.
(c)      The exemption for the PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants is subject to (a) the Demographic Details received from
         the respective Depositories confirming the exemption granted to the beneficial owner by a suitable description in
         the PAN field and the beneficiary account remaining in ―active status; and (b) in the case of residents of Sikkim,
         the address as per the Demographic Details evidencing the same.

                                                              15
(d)      Bid cum Application Forms/Application Forms which provide the General Index Register Number instead of PAN
         may be rejected.
Bids/Applications by Bidders whose demat accounts have been suspended for credit are liable to be rejected pursuant to
the circular issued by SEBI on July 29, 2010, bearing number CIR/MRD/DP/22/2010. Such accounts are classified as
Inactive demat accounts and Demographic Details are not provided by depositories.
4.1.3.   FIELD NUMBER 3: BIDDERS/APPLICANTS DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS
(a)      Bidders/Applicants should ensure that DP ID and the Client ID are correctly filled in the Bid cum Application
         Form/Application Form. The DP ID and Client ID provided in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form
         should match with the DP ID and Client ID available in the Depository database, otherwise, the Bid cum
         Application Form/Application Form is liable to be rejected.
(b)      Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the beneficiary account provided in the Bid cum Application
         Form/Application Form is active.
(c)      Bidders/Applicants should note that on the basis of the PAN, DP ID and Client ID as provided in the Bid cum
         Application Form/Application Form, the Bidder/Applicant may be deemed to have authorized the Depositories to
         provide to the Registrar to the Issue, any requested Demographic Details of the Bidder/Applicant as available on
         the records of the depositories. These Demographic Details may be used, among other things, for any
         correspondence(s) related to the Issue.
(d)      Bidders/Applicants are, advised to update any changes to their Demographic Details as available in the records of
         the Depository Participant to ensure accuracy of records. Any delay resulting from failure to update the
         Demographic Details would be at the Bidders/Applicants sole risk.
4.1.4.   FIELD NUMBER 4: BID OPTIONS
(a)      Price or Floor Price or Price Band, minimum Bid Lot and Discount (if applicable) may be disclosed in the
         Prospectus/RHP by the Issuer. The Issuer is required to announce the Floor Price or Price Band, minimum Bid Lot
         and Discount (if applicable) by way of an advertisement in at least one English, one Hindi and one regional
         newspaper, with wide circulation at the place where the Issuer‘s registered office is situated, at least two Working
         Days before Bid/ Issue Opening Date in case of an IPO, and at least one Working Day before Bid/ Issue Opening
         Date in case of an FPO.
(b)      The Bidders may Bid at or above Floor Price or within the Price Band for IPOs /FPOs undertaken through the
         Book Building Process. In the case of Alternate Book Building Process for an FPO, the Bidders may Bid at Floor
         Price or any price above the Floor Price (For further details Bidders may refer to (Section 5.6 (e))
(c)      Cut-Off Price: Bidding at the Cut-off Price is not allowed for all the category.
(d)      Minimum Application Value and Bid Lot: The Issuer in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers
         may decide the minimum number of Equity Shares for each Bid as prescribed under SEBI Regulations/Circulars.
         The minimum Bid Lot is accordingly determined by an Issuer on the basis of such minimum application value.
(e)      Allotment: The Allotment of specified securities to each II shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, subject to
         availability of shares in the Individual investors category, and the remaining available shares, if any, shall be
         Allotted on a proportionate basis. For details of the minimum Bid Lot, Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus
         or the advertisement regarding the Price Band published by the Issuer.
4.1.4.1. Maximum and Minimum Bid Size
(a)      The Bidder may Bid for the desired number of Equity Shares at a specific price. Bids by Individual investors and
         Individual Shareholders must be for such number of shares so as to ensure that the Bid Amount less Discount (as
         applicable), payable by the Bidder shall exceed ₹ 200,000.
         In case the Bid Amount exceeds ₹ 200,000 due to revision of the Bid or any other reason, the Bid may be considered
         for allocation under the Non-Institutional Category, with it not being eligible for Discount then such Bid may be
         rejected if it isat the Cut-off Price.
(b)      Bids by QIBs and NIIs must be for such minimum number of shares such that the Bid Amount exceeds ₹ 200,000
         and in multiples of such number of Equity Shares thereafter, as may be disclosed in the Bid cum Application Form
         and the RHP/Prospectus, or as advertised by the Issuer, as the case may be. All the categories are not allowed to
         Bid at Cut-off Price.
(c)      Individual Investors may revise or withdraw their bids until the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. QIBs and NII‘s cannot

                                                             16
          withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after bidding
          and all categories of investors are required to pay the Bid Amount upon submission of the Bid.
(d)       In case the Bid Amount reduces to ₹ 200,000 or less due to a revision of the Price Band, Bids by the Non-
          Institutional Investors who are eligible for allocation in the Individual investors category would be considered for
          allocation under the Individual investors category.
(e)       A Bid by QIB bidder cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size.
(f)       The maximum Bid by any Bidder including QIB Bidder should not exceed the investment limits prescribed for
          them under the applicable laws. It is clarified that, multiple Bids by a FPI Bidder utilizing the multi-investment
          manager structure shall be aggregated for determining the permissible maximum Bid.
(g)       A Bid by NII bidder cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size excluding QIB portion.
(h)       The price and quantity options submitted by the Bidder in the Bid cum Application Form may be treated as optional
          bids from the Bidder and may not be cumulated. After determination of the Issue Price, the number of Equity
          Shares Bid for by a Bidder at or above the Issue Price may be considered for Allotment and the rest of the Bid(s),
          irrespective of the Bid Amount may automatically become invalid. This is not applicable in case of FPOs
          undertaken through Alternate Book Building Process (For details of Bidders may refer to (Section 5.6 (e)).
4.1.4.2. Multiple Bids
(a)       Bidder should submit only one Bid cum Application Form. Bidder shall have the option to make a maximum of
          Bids at three different price levels in the Bid cum Application Form and such options are not considered as multiple
          Bids.
          Submission of a second Bid cum Application Form to either the same or to another member of the Syndicate,
          SCSB or Registered Broker and duplicate copies of Bid\ cum Application Forms bearing the same application
          number shall be treated as multiple Bids and are liable to be rejected.
(b)       Bidders are requested to note the following procedures may be followed by the Registrar to the Issue to detect
          multiple Bids:
i.        All Bids may be checked for common PAN as per the records of the Depository. For Bidders other than Mutual
          Funds and FPIs which utilise the multi-investment manager structure of the same beneficial owner as provided
          under Regulation 20 (4)(d)(xiii) of the SEBI Foreign Portfolio Regulations, 2019, Bids bearing the same PAN may
          be treated as multiple Bids by a Bidder and may be rejected.
ii.       For Bids from Mutual Funds and FPIs that utilise the multi investment manager structure, submitted under the
          same PAN, as well as Bids on behalf of the PAN Exempted Bidders/ Applicants, the Bid cum Application Forms
          may be checked for common DP ID and Client ID. Such Bids which have the same DP ID and Client ID may be
          treated as multiple Bids and are liable to be rejected.
(c)       The following Bids may not be treated as multiple Bids:
i.        Separate Bids by Mutual Funds in respect of more than one scheme of the Mutual Fund provided that the Bids
          clearly indicate the scheme for which the Bid has been made.
ii.       Bids by Mutual Funds submitted with the same PAN but with different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs
          and DP IDs.
iii.      Bids by following FPIs, submitted with the same PAN but with different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs
          and DP IDs:
•      FPIs which utilise the multi-investment manager structure
•      Offshore Derivative Instruments (ODI) which have obtained separate FPI registration for ODI and proprietary
       derivative investments.
•      Sub funds or separate class of investors with segregated portfolio who obtain separate FPI registration.
•      FPI registrations granted at investment strategy level/sub fund level where a Collective Investment Scheme or fund
       has multiple investment strategies/sub- funds with identifiable differences and managed by a single investment
       manager.
•      Multiple branches in different jurisdictions of foreign bank registered as FPIs.
•      Government and Government related investors registered as Category 1 FPIs.
                                                               17
•     Entities registered as Collective Investment Scheme having multiple share classes.
The bids belonging to the aforesaid seven structures and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single bid
in the bidding process. The shares allotted in the bid may be proportionately distributed to the applicant FPIs (with same
PAN).
iv.      Bids by Anchor Investors under the Anchor Investor Portion and the QIB Category.
4.1.5.   FIELD NUMBER 5: CATEGORY OF BIDDERS
(a)      The categories of Bidders identified as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of Bidding, allocation and
         allotment in the Issue are Individual Investors, NIIs and QIBs.
(b)      Up to 60% of the QIB Category can be allocated by the Issuer, on a discretionary basis subject to the criteria of
         minimum and maximum number of Anchor Investors based on allocation size, to the Anchor Investors, in
         accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved as follows: (i)
         33.33% shall be available for allocation to domestic Mutual Funds; and (ii) 6.67% shall be available for allocation
         to life insurance companies and pension funds, in each case subject to valid Bids being received at or above the
         Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription under clause (ii) above, the balance Equity
         Shares may be allocated to domestic Mutual Funds in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For details
         regarding allocation to Anchor Investors, Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.
(c)      An Issuer can make reservation for certain categories of Bidders/Applicants as permitted under the SEBI ICDR
         Regulations. For details of any reservations made in the Issue, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.
(d)      The SEBI ICDR Regulations, specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of Bidders
         in an Issue depending upon compliance with the eligibility conditions. Details pertaining to allocation are disclosed
         on reverse side of the Revision Form. For Issue specific details in relation to allocation Bidder/Applicant may refer
         to the RHP/Prospectus.
4.1.6.   FIELD NUMBER 6: BIDDER STATUS
(a)      Each Bidder/Applicant should check whether it is eligible to apply under applicable law and ensure that any
         prospective Allotment to it in the Issue is in compliance with the investment restrictions under applicable law.
(b)      Certain categories of Bidders/Applicants, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to Bid/Apply in the
         Issue or hold Equity Shares exceeding certain limits specified under applicable law. Bidders/Applicants are
         requested to refer to the RHP/Prospectus for more details.
(c)      Bidders/Applicants should check whether they are eligible to apply on non-repatriation basis or repatriation basis
         and should accordingly provide the investor status. Details regarding investor status are different in the Resident
         Bid cum Application Form and Non-Resident Bid cum Application Form.
(d)      Bidders/Applicants should ensure that their investor status is updated in the Depository records.
4.1.7.   FIELD NUMBER 7: PAYMENT DETAILS
(a)      Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in this field. In case the Bidder
         doesn‘t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the application would be rejected. For
         application submitted by Individual Investors to Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Individual
         Investors providing both, the ASBA Bank account details as well as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered
         for processing of the application. NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire
         with the relevant Bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.
(b)      The full Bid Amount (net of any Discount, as applicable) shall be blocked based on the authorization provided in
         the Bid cum Application Form. If the Discount is applicable in the Issue, the Individual Investors and Individual
         Shareholders (if any) should indicate the full Bid Amount in the Bid cum Application Form and the payment shall
         be blocked for the Bid Amount net of Discount. Only in cases where the RHP/Prospectus indicates that part
         payment may be made, such an option can be exercised by the Bidder. In case of Bidders specifying more than
         one Bid Option in the Bid cum Application Form, the total Bid Amount may be calculated for the highest of three
         options at net price, i.e. Bid price less Discount Issued, if any.
(c)      No categories are allowed to bid at cut-off price.
(d)      All QIB and NII Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) can participate in the Issue only through the ASBA
         mechanism
(e)      Individual Investors submitting their applications through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) can
                                                              18
        participate in the Issue only through the UPI mechanism, using their UPI ID linked with their bank account.
        Individual Investors applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism shall ensure that the name of the bank, with
        which the II maintains his account, appears in the list of SCSBs displayed on the SEBI website, which are live on
        UPI. Individual Investors shall also ensure that the name of the mobile application and theUPI handle being used
        for making the application in the Issue are also appearing in the list of mobile applications for using UPI in public
        issues displayed on the SEBI website. NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire
        with the relevant Bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.
(f)     Bid Amount cannot be paid in cash, cheque, demand draft, through money order or through postal order.
(g)     Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all individual bidders in
        initial public Issueings (opening on or after May 1, 2022) whose application sizes are up to ₹ 5 lakhs shall use the
        UPI Mechanism.
(h)     In case of ASBA Bidders (other than 3-in-1 Bids) for a Bid above ₹ 500,000, ensure that the Bid is uploaded
        only by the SCSBs.
4.1.7.1. Payment instructions for Bidders (other than Anchor Investors)
(a)     Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries should note that with the introduction of UPI
        as a payment mechanism, there are three channels of making applications in public issues available to them in
        UPI Phase II (i.e., from July 1, 2019 until further notice). The three channels for making applications in public
        issues available to Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries are as follows:
              Channel I                               Channel II                                Channel III
 Individual Investors may submit the Individual Investors may submit the Individual Investors may submit the Bid
 Bid cum Application Form with Bid cum Application Form online Cum Form with any of the Designated
 ASBA as the sole mechanism for using the facility of linked online Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) and
 making paymenteither physically (at trading, demat and bank account (3-in- Use his/her UPI ID for the purpose of
 the branch of the SCSB) or online. 1 type accounts) provided by some of blocking of funds.
 For such applications the existing the brokers.
 process of uploading the bid and
 blocking of funds in the Individual
 Investors account by the SCSB would
 continue.
Individual Investors bidding in the Issue through UPI shall make such applications only through the SCSBs/mobile
applications whose name appears on the SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in at the following path:
Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognized Intermediaries » Self Certified Syndicate Banks
eligible asIssuer Banks for UPI
Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognized Intermediaries » list of mobile applications for
using UPI in public issues
Individual Investors whose bank is not live on UPI may use the other alternate channels available to them, i.e., submission
of application form with SCSB (Channel I) or using the facility of linked online trading, Demat and bank account (Channel
II).
NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their
account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.
For UPI Phase III, Individual Investors will also have the option to use the same channels (as described above) for making
applications in a public issue.
Please see below a graphical illustrative process of the investor receiving and approving the UPI Mandate Request.




                                                            19
20
21
(b)    QIB and NII Bidders may submit the Bid cum Application Form either
i.     to SCSBs in physical or electronic mode through the internet banking facility Issued by an SCSB authorizing
       blocking of funds that are available in the ASBA account specified in the Bid cum Application Form, or
ii.    in physical mode to any Designated Intermediary.
(c)    Bidders must specify the Bank Account number or the UPI ID (for Individual Investors bidding using the UPI
       mechanism), as applicable, in the Bid cum Application Form. The Bid cum Application Form submitted by a
       Bidder and which is accompanied by cash, demand draft, cheque, money order, postal order or any mode of
       payment other than blocked amounts in the ASBA Account, may not be accepted.
(d)    Bidders should note that application made using third party UPI ID or ASBA Account is liable to be rejected.
(e)    NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether
       their account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.
(f)    Bidders shall note that for the purpose of blocking funds under ASBA facility clearly demarcated funds shall be
       available in the ASBA Account.
(g)    Bidders (other than Individual Investors bidding through the non-UPI mechanism) should submit the Bid cum
       Application Form only at the Bidding Centers, i.e. to the respective member of the Syndicate at the Specified
       Locations, the SCSBs, the Registered Broker at the Broker Centres, the CRTA at the Designated RTA Locations
       or CDP at the Designated CDP Locations. Individual Investors bidding through the non-UPI mechanism should
       either submit the physical Bid cum Application Form with the SCSBs or Designated Branches of SCSBs under
       Channel I or submit the Bid cum Application Form online using the facility of 3-in1 type accounts under Channel
       II.
(h)    Bidders (other than Individual Investors bidding through the non-UPI mechanism) bidding through
       Designated Intermediaries other than a SCSB, should note that ASBA Forms submitted to such Designated
       Intermediary may not be accepted, if the SCSB where the ASBA Account, as specified in the Bid cum Application
       Form, is maintained has not named at least one branch at that location for such Designated Intermediary, to deposit
       ASBA Forms.
(i)    Bidders bidding directly through the SCSBs should ensure that the Bid cum Application Form is submitted to a
       Designated Branch of a SCSB where the ASBA Account is maintained.
(j)    Upon receipt of the Bid cum Application Form, the Designated Branch of the SCSB may verify if sufficient funds
       equal to the Bid Amount are available in the ASBA Account, as mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form.
(k)    If sufficient funds are available in the ASBA Account, the SCSB may block an amount equivalent to the Bid
       Amount mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form and for application directly submitted to SCSB by investor,
       may enter each Bid option into the electronic bidding system as a separate Bid.
(l)    If sufficient funds are not available in the ASBA Account, the Designated Branch of the SCSB may not upload
       such Bidson the Stock Exchange platform and such bids are liable to be rejected.
(m)    Upon submission of a completed Bid cum Application Form each Bidder (not being a II who has opted for the UPI
       mechanism and provided a UPI ID with the Bid cum Application Form) may be deemed to have agreed to block
       the entire Bid Amount and authorized the Designated Branch of the SCSB to block the Bid Amount specified in
       the Bid cum Application Form in the ASBA Account maintained with the SCSBs. For details regarding blocking
       of Bid Amount for Individual Investors who have provided a UPI ID with the Application Form please refer to
       paragraph 4.1.7.3.
(n)    The Bid Amount may remain blocked in the aforesaid ASBA Account until finalisation of the Basis of Allotment
       and consequent transfer of the Bid Amount against the Allotted Equity Shares to the Public Issue Account, or until
       withdrawal or failure of the Issue, or until withdrawal or rejection of the Bid, as the case may be.
(o)    SCSBs bidding in the Issue must apply through an Account maintained with any other SCSB; else their Bids are
       liable to be rejected.
4.1.7.2. Unblocking of ASBA Account
(a)    Once the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Registrar to the Issue may provide
       the following details to the controlling branches of each SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, along with
       instructions to unblock the relevant ASBA Accounts and for successful applications transfer the requisite money
       to the Public Issue Account designated for this purpose, within the specified timelines: (i) the number of Equity
       Shares to be Allotted against each Bid, (ii) the amount to be transferred from the relevant ASBA Account to the
                                                          22
       Public Issue Account, for each Bid, (iii) the date by which funds referred to in (ii) above may be transferred to the
       Public Issue Account, (iv) the amount to be unblocked, if any in case of partial allotments and (v) details of rejected
       ASBA Bids, if any, along with reasons for rejection and details of withdrawn or unsuccessful Bids, if any, to enable
       the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, to unblock the respective ASBA Accounts.
(b)    On the basis of instructions from the Registrar to the Issue, the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be,
       may transfer the requisite amount against each successful Bidder to the Public Issue Account and may unblock the
       excess amount, if any, in the ASBA Account.
(c)    In the event of withdrawal or rejection of the Bid cum Application Form and for unsuccessful Bids, the Registrar
       to the Issue may give instructions to the SCSB or to the Sponsor Bank to revoke the mandate and, as the case may
       be, to unblock the Bid Amount in the relevant account within four Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date.
4.1.7.3. Additional Payment Instructions for Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries (other
         than SCSBs) using the UPI mechanism
(a)    Before submission of the application form with the Designated Intermediary, an II shall download the mobile
       application, associated with the UPI ID linked bank account, for UPI and create a UPI ID (xyz@bankname) of not
       more than 45 characters with its bank and link it to his/ her bank account where the funds equivalent to the
       application amount is available. Individual Investors shall also ensure that the name of the mobile application and
       the UPI handle being used for making the application in the Issue are appearing in the following path on SEBI
       website – www.sebi.gov.in:
       Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognized Intermediaries » list of mobile
       applications forusing UPI in public issues
       It is clarified that if a II makes an application through a UPI handle not covered in the prescribed list (as
       mentioned in the path above), such an application is liable to be rejected.
(b)    Individual Investors shall ensure that the bank, with which it has its bank account, where the funds equivalent to
       the application amount is available for blocking has been notified as Issuer Banks for UPI. A list of such banks is
       available at the following path on SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in:
       Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries »                  Self Certified
       SyndicateBanks eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI
       It is clarified that if a II makes an application using a bank account of an SCSB or bank which is not covered
       in the prescribed list (as mentioned in the path above), such an application is liable to be rejected.
(c)    Individual Investors shall mention his / her UPI ID along with the bid details in the Bid cum Application Form in
       capital letters and submit the Bid cum Application Form to any of the Designated Intermediaries (other than
       SCSBs). It is clarified that if an II submits a third-party UPI ID instead of his/her own UPI ID in the Bid cum
       Application Form, the application is liable to be rejected.
(d)    The Designated Intermediary (other than SCSBs) upon receipt of the Bid cum Application Form will upload the
       bid details along with UPI ID in the stock exchange bidding platform.
(e)    Once the bid has been entered into the Stock Exchange bidding platform, the stock exchange will validate the PAN
       and Demat Account details of the II with the Depository. The Depository will validate the aforesaid details on a
       real time basis and send a response to the stock exchange which will be shared by the stock exchange with the
       respective Designated Intermediary through its bidding platform, for corrections, if any.
(f)    Once the bid details have been validated by the Depository, the stock exchange will, on a continuous basis,
       electronically share the bid details along with the UPI ID of the concerned II with the Sponsor Bank appointed by
       the Issuer.
(g)    The Sponsor Bank will validate the UPI ID of the II before initiating the Mandate request.
(h)    The Sponsor Bank after validating the UPI ID will initiate a UPI Mandate Request for valid UPIID on the II which
       will be electronically received by the II as an SMS / intimation on his / her mobile number / mobile app associated
       with the UPI ID linked account. The II shall ensure that the details of the Bid are correct by opening the attachment
       in the UPI Mandate Request and then proceed to authorise the UPI Mandate Request using his/her UPI PIN. Upon
       the authorization of the mandate using his/her UPI PIN, an II may be deemed to have verified the attachment
       containing the application details of the II in the UPI Mandate Request and have agreed to block the entire Bid
       Amount mentioned in the Bid Cum Application Form and subsequent debit in case of Allotment.
(i)    Upon successful validation of the block request by the II, the said information would be electronically received by
                                                            23
        the II‘s bank, where the funds, equivalent to the application amount would get blocked in the ASBA Account of
        the II. Intimation regarding confirmation of such blocking of funds in the ASBA Account of the II would also be
        received by the II. Information on the block status request would be shared with the Sponsor Bank which in turn
        would share it with the stock exchange which in turn would share it with the Registrar in the form of a file for the
        purpose of reconciliation and display it on the stock exchange bidding platform for the information of the
        Designated Intermediary.
(j)     In accordance with BSE Circular No: 20220803-40 and NSE Circular No: 25/2022, each dated August 3, 2022,
        for all pending UPI Mandate Requests, the Sponsor Banks shall initiate requests for blocking of funds in the ASBA
        Accounts of relevant Bidders with a confirmation cut-off time of 5:00 pm on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date (Cut-Off
        Time). Accordingly, UPI Bidders should accept UPI Mandate Requests for blocking off funds prior to the Cut- Off
        Time and all pending UPI Mandate Requests at the Cut-Off Time shall lapse.
(k)     UPI Bidders may continue to withdraw their Bid on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date or modify the Bid during the
        during the Bid/ Issue Period until the Cut-Off Time. For each modification of the Bid, the UPI Bidders will
        submit a revised Bid and will receive a UPI Mandate Request from the Sponsor Banks to be validated as per the
        process indicated above
(l)     UPI Bidders to check the correctness of the details on the mandate received before approving the Mandate Request
(m)     Post closure of the Issue, the stock exchange will share the Bid details with the Registrar along with the final file
        received from the Sponsor Bank containing status of blocked funds or otherwise, along with the ASBA Account
        details with respect to applications made by Individual Investors using UPI ID.
4.1.7.4. Discount (if applicable)
(a)     The Discount is stated in absolute rupee terms.
(b)     Bidders applying under Individual investors category, Individual Shareholder. For Discounts Issued in the Issue,
        Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.
(c)     The Bidders entitled to the applicable Discount in the Issue may block their ASBA Account for an amount i.e. the
        Bid Amount less Discount (if applicable).
Bidder (other than employees) may note that in case the net amount blocked (post Discount) is more than two lakh Rupees,
the Bidding system automatically considers such applications for allocation under Non- Institutional Category. These
applications are neither eligible for Discount nor fall under Individual investors category.
4.1.8. FIELD NUMBER 8: SIGNATURES AND OTHER AUTHORISATIONS
(a)     Only the First Bidder/Applicant is required to sign the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form.
        Bidders/Applicants should ensure that signatures are in one of the languages specified in the Eighth Schedule to the
        Constitution of India.
(b)     The signature has to be correctly affixed in the authorization/undertaking box in the Bid cum Application
        Form/Application Form, or an authorization has to be provided to the SCSB or using the UPI to the Sponsor Bank,
        via the electronic mode, for blocking funds in the ASBA Account equivalent to the Bid Amount mentioned in the
        Bid cum Application Form/ Application Form.
(c)     Bidders/ Applicants must note that Bid cum Application Form/Application Form without signature of Bidder/
        Applicant and /or ASBA Account holder is liable to be rejected.
4.1.9. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND FUTURE COMMUNICATION
(a)     Bidders should ensure that they receive the Acknowledgment slip or the acknowledgement number duly signed
        and stamped by a Designated Intermediary, as applicable, for submission of the Bid cum Application Form.
(b)     All communications in connection with Bids/Applications made in the Issue should be addressed as under:
i.      In case of queries related to Allotment, non-receipt of Allotment Advice, credit of Allotted Equity Shares,
        unblocking of funds, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the Registrar to the Issue.
ii.     In case of Bids submitted to the Designated Branches of the SCSBs, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the
        relevant Designated Branch of the SCSB.
iii.    In case of queries relating to uploading of Syndicate ASBA Bids, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the
        relevant Syndicate Member.


                                                            24
iv.    In case of queries relating to uploading of Bids by a Designated Intermediary, the Bidders/Applicants should
       contact the relevant Designated Intermediary.
v.     In case of queries relating to uploading of Bids through the UPI Mechanism, the Bidders/Applicants should contact
       the Designated Intermediary/BRLM.
vi.    Bidder/Applicant may contact the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer or BRLM(s) in case of any other
       complaints in relation to the Issue.
(c)    The following details (as applicable) should be quoted while making any queries –
i.     full name of the sole or First Bidder/Applicant, Bid cum Application Form number, Applicants‘/Bidders‘DP ID,
       Client ID, PAN, number of Equity Shares applied for, amount paid on application.
ii.    name and address of the Designated Intermediary, where the Bid was submitted along with the acknowledgment
       slip from Designated Intermediary or
iii.   Bids, ASBA Account number or the UPI ID (for Individual Investors who make the payment of Bid Amount
       through the UPI mechanism) linked to the ASBA Account where the Bid Amount was blocked.
For further details, Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form.
4.2.    INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING THE REVISION FORM
(a)    During the Bid/ Issue Period, any Bidder/Applicant (other than QIBs and NIIs, who can only revise their bid
       upwards) who has registered his or her interest in the Equity Shares at a particular price level is free to revise his
       or her Bid within the Price Band using the Revision Form, which is a part of the Bid cum Application Form.
(b)    Revisions can be made in both the desired number of Equity Shares and the Bid Amount by using the Revision
       Form.
(c)    The Bidder/Applicant can make this revision any number of times during the Bid/ Issue Period. However, for any
       revision(s) in the Bid, the Bidders/Applicants will have to use the services of the same Designated Intermediary
       through which such Bidder/Applicant had placed the original Bid. It is clarified that Individual Investors whose
       original Bid is made using the UPI mechanism can make revision(s) to their Bid using the UPI mechanism only,
       whereby each time the Sponsor Bank will initiate a new UPI Mandate Request. Bidders/Applicants are advised to
       retain copies of the blank Revision Form and the Bid(s) must be made only in such Revision Form or copies thereof.




                                                            25
Instructions to fill each field of the Revision Form can be found on the reverse side of the Revision Form. Other than
instructions already highlighted at paragraph 4.1 above, point wise instructions regarding filling up various fields of the
Revision Form are provided below:
                                      A sample revision form is reproduced below:




                                                            26
4.2.1. FIELDS 1, 2 AND 3: NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT,
       PAN OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT & DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS OF THE
       BIDDER/APPLICANT
Bidders/Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3.
4.2.2. FIELD 4 & 5: BID OPTIONS REVISION FROM AND TO
(a)    Apart from mentioning the revised options in the Revision Form, the Bidder/Applicant must also mention the details
       of all the bid options given in his or her Bid cum Application Form or earlier Revision Form. For example, if a
       Bidder/Applicant has Bid for three options in the Bid cum Application Form and such Bidder/Applicant is changing
       only one of the options in the Revision Form, the Bidder/Applicant must still fill the details of the other two options
       that are not being revised, in the Revision Form. The Designated Intermediaries may not accept incomplete or
       inaccurate Revision Forms.
(b)    In case of revision, Bid options should be provided by Bidders/Applicants in the same order as provided in the Bid
       cum Application Form.
(c)    In case of revision of Bids by Individual Investors and Individual Shareholders the Bid size is more than 2 lots due
       to revision of the Bid or for any other reason, the Bid may be considered, subject to eligibility, for allocation under
       the Non-Institutional Category, not being eligible for Discount (if applicable) and such Bid may be rejected if it is
       at the Cut- off Price. The Cut-off Price option is not given to any category.
(d)    If, however, the Individual Investors does not either revise the Bid or make additional payment and the Issue Price
       is higher than the cap of the Price Band prior to revision, the number of Equity Shares Bid for shall be adjusted
       downwards for the purpose of allocation, such that no additional payment would be required from the II and the II
       is deemed to have approved such revised Bid.
4.2.3. FIELD 6: PAYMENT DETAILS
(a)    All Bidders/Applicants are required to authorize blocking of the full Bid Amount (less Discount (if applicable) at
       the time of submitting the Bid Revision Form. In case of Bidders/Applicants specifying more than one Bid Option
       in the Bid cum Application Form, the total Bid Amount may be calculated for the highest of three options at net
       price, i.e. Bid price less discount issued, if any.
(b)    Bidder/Applicant may issue instructions to block the revised amount based on cap of the revised Price Band (adjusted
       for the Discount (if applicable) in the ASBA Account, to the same Designated Intermediary through whom such
       Bidder/Applicant had placed the original Bid to enable the relevant SCSB to block the additional Bid Amount, if
       any.
(c)    Downward Modification and cancellation shall not be applicable to any of the category of bidding.
(d)    Bidding for all Categories on the last day shall close at 4:00 PM.
(e)    Placing bids on Cut-off price shall not be applicable/ available to any of the category of bidding.
4.2.4. FIELD 7 : SIGNATURES AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Bidders/Applicants may refer to instructions contained at paragraphs 4.1.8 and 4.1.9 for this purpose.
4.3.   INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING APPLICATION FORM IN ISSUES MADE OTHER THAN THROUGH
       THE BOOK BUILDING PROCESS (FIXED PRICE ISSUE)
4.3.1. FIELDS 1, 2, 3 NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT, PAN OF
       SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT & DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS OF THE
       BIDDER/APPLICANT
Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3.
4.3.2. FIELD 4: PRICE, APPLICATION QUANTITY & AMOUNT
(a)    The Issuer may mention Price or Price Band in the Red Herring Prospectus. However, a prospectus registered with
       RoC contains one price or coupon rate (as applicable).
(b)    Minimum Application Value and Bid Lot: The Issuer in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager to
       the Issue (BRLM) may decide the minimum number of Equity Shares for each Bid to ensure that the minimum
       application value is within the range as prescribed under SEBI circulars/regulations. The minimum Lot size is
       accordingly determined by an Issuer on basis of such minimum application value.
(c)    Applications by Individual Investors, Individual Shareholders must be for such number of shares so as to ensure that
                                                             27
      the application amount less Discount (as applicable) payable exceeds ₹ 200,000.
(d)   Applications by other investors must be for such minimum number of shares such that the application amount
      exceeds ₹ 200,000 and in multiples of such number of Equity Shares thereafter, as may be disclosed in the application
      form and the Prospectus, or as advertised by the Issuer, as the case may be.
(e)   An application cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size.
(f)   The maximum application by any Applicant should not exceed the investment limits prescribed for them under the
      applicable laws.
(g)   Multiple Applications: An Applicant should submit only one Application Form. Submission of a second
      Application Form to either the same or other SCSB and duplicate copies of Application Forms bearing the same
      application number shall be treated as multiple applications and are liable to be rejected.
(h)   For details regarding the procedures to be followed by the Registrar to detect multiple applications. Applicants
      should refer to paragraphs 4.1.4.2(b) and 4.1.4.2(c).
4.3.3. FIELD NUMBER 5 : CATEGORY OF APPLICANTS
(a)   The categories of applicants identified as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of Bidding, allocation and
      Allotment in the Issue are Individual Investors, individual applicants other than II‘s and other investors (including
      corporate bodies or institutions, irrespective of the number of specified securities applied for).
(b)   The SEBI ICDR Regulations specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of applicants
      in an Issue depending upon compliance with the eligibility conditions. Details pertaining to allocation are disclosed
      on reverse side of the Revision Form. For Issue specific details in relation to allocation applicant may refer to the
      Prospectus.
4.3.4. FIELD NUMBER 6: INVESTOR STATUS
Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.6.
4.3.5. FIELD 7: PAYMENT DETAILS
(a)   Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in this field. In case the Bidder
      doesn‘t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the application would be rejected. For
      application submitted to Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Bidder providing both the ASBA Bank
      account details as well as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application.
(b)   All Applicants (other than Anchor Investors) are required to make use of ASBA for applying in the Issue.
(c)   UPI Bidders applying through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) may make use of the UPI mechanism
      for applying in the Issue. If UPI Bidders are applying in the Issue through non-UPI mechanism then it shall either
      submit physical Bid cum Application Form with the SCSBs or the Designated Branches of the SCSBs under Channel
      I or submit the Bid cum Application Form online using the facility of 3-in1 type accounts under Channel II.
(d)   Application Amount cannot be paid in cash, cheques or demand drafts through money order or through postal order
      or through stock invest.
(e)   Applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public Issues (opening on or after September 1, 2022) shall be
      processed only after application monies are blocked in the bank accounts of investors (all categories).
4.3.5.1. Payment instructions for Applicants
Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.7.1.
4.3.5.2. Unblocking of ASBA Account
Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.2.
4.3.5.3. Additional Payment Instructions for Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries using
         the UPI mechanism
Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.3.
4.3.5.4. Discount (if applicable)
Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.4.
4.3.6. FIELD NUMBER 8: SIGNATURES AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS & ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND

                                                             28
             FUTURE COMMUNICATION
      Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.8 & 4.1.9.
      4.4.   SUBMISSION OF BID CUM APPLICATION FORM/ REVISION FORM/APPLICATIONFORM
      4.4.1. Bidders/Applicants may submit completed Bid-cum-application form / Revision Form in the following manner:-
      Mode of Application            Submission of Bid cum Application Form
      Applications from QIB‘s(d)and To members of the Syndicate in the Specified Locations or Registered Brokers at the
      NIIs                           Broker Centres or the CRTAs at the Designated RTA Locations or the CDPs at the
                                     Designated CDP Locations; and To the Designated Branches of the SCSBs where the
                                     ASBA Account is maintained
(e)   Applications from Individual To members of the Syndicate in the Specified Locations or Registered Brokers at the
      Investors applying through UPI Broker Centres or the CRTAs at the Designated RTA Locations or the CDPs at
      Mechanism                      the Designated CDP Locations; and

(j)   Applications             from
                                 (k)    To the Designated Branches of the SCSBs where the ASBA Account is maintained
      Individual Investors applying
                                 (l)    To the Brokers providing the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account
      through non- UPI mechanism        (3-in-1 type accounts) online
      (a)    Bidders/Applicants should submit the Revision Form to the same Designated Intermediary through which such
             Bidder/Applicant had submitted the original Bid.
      (b)    Upon submission of the Bid-cum-Application Form, the Bidder/Applicant will be deemed to have authorized the
             Issuer to make the necessary changes in the RHP and the Bid cum Application Form as would be required for filing
             Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies (RoC) and as would be required by the RoC after such filing, without
             prior or subsequent notice of such changes to the relevant Bidder/Applicant.
      (c)    Upon determination of the Issue Price and filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, the Bid-cum- Application Form
             will be considered as the application form.




                                                                  29
                            SECTION 5: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN BOOK BUILT ISSUE
Book Building, in the context of the Issue, refers to the process of collection of Bids within the Price Band or above the
Floor Price and determining the Issue Price based on the Bids received as detailed in Schedule XIII of SEBI ICDR
Regulations 2018. The Issue Price is finalized after the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Valid Bids received at or above the Issue
Price are considered for allocation in the Issue, subject to applicable regulations and other terms and conditions.
5.1.     SUBMISSION OF BIDS
a.     During the Bid/Issue Period, Bidders may approach any of the Designated Intermediaries to register their Bids.
b.     Downward Modification and cancellation shall not be applicable to any of the category of bidding.
c.     Bidding for all Categories on the last day shall close at 4:00 PM.
d.     Placing bids on Cut-off price shall not be applicable/ available to any of the category of bidding.
e.     For details of the timing on acceptance and upload of Bids in the Stock Exchange platform Bidders are requested
       to refer to the RHP.
5.2.    ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION OF BIDS
(a)    The Designated Intermediary may register the Bids using the on-line facility of the Stock Exchanges. The
       Designated Intermediaries can also set up facilities for off-line electronic registration of Bids, subject to the
       condition that they may subsequently upload the off-line data file into the on-line facilities for Book Building on a
       regular basis before the closure of the Issue.
(b)    On the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Designated Intermediaries may upload the Bids till such time as may be
       permitted by the Stock Exchanges.
(c)    Only Bids that are uploaded on the Stock Exchanges Platform would be considered for allocation/ Allotment. In
       UPI Phase II, the Designated Intermediaries are given time till the Bid/ Issue Closing Date to modify select fields
       uploaded in the Stock Exchange Platform during the Bid/ Issue Period after which the Stock Exchange(s) send the
       bid information to the Registrar to the Issue for further processing.
5.3.    BUILD UP OF THE BOOK
(a)    Bids received from various Bidders/ Applicants through the Designated Intermediaries may be electronically
       uploaded on the Bidding Platform of the Stock Exchanges on a regular basis. The book gets built up at various price
       levels. This information may be available with the Book Running Lead Managers at the end of the Bid/ Issue Period.
(b)    Based on the aggregate demand and price for Bids registered on the Stock Exchanges Platform, a graphical
       representation of consolidated demand and price as available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges may be made
       available at the Bidding centres during the Bid/ Issue Period.
5.4.    WITHDRAWAL OF BIDS
(a)    Any category of investors can neither withdraw nor lower the size of their bids at any stage.
5.5.    REJECTION & RESPONSIBILITY FOR UPLOAD OF BIDS
(a)    The Designated Intermediaries are individually responsible for the acts, mistakes or errors or omission in relation to
i.     the Bids accepted by the Designated Intermediary;
ii.    the Bids (including UP ID, as applicable) uploaded by the Designated Intermediary; and
iii.   the Bid cum application forms accepted but not uploaded by the Designated Intermediaries.
(b)    The Book Running Lead Managers and their affiliate Syndicate Members, as the case may be, may reject Bids if all
       the information required is not provided and the Bid cum Application Form is incomplete in any respect.
(c)    The SCSBs or the Sponsor Banks, as applicable, shall have no right to reject Bids, except in case of unavailability
       of adequate funds in the ASBA Account or on technical grounds.
(d)    In case of QIB Bidders, only the (i) SCSBs (for Bids other than the Bids by Anchor Investors); and (ii) Book
       Running Lead Managers and their affiliate Syndicate Members (only in the specified locations) have the right to
       reject bids. However, such rejection shall be made at the time of receiving the Bid and only after assigning a reason
       for such rejection in writing.
(e)    All bids by QIBs, NIIs & Individual Investors Bids can be rejected on technical grounds listed herein.

                                                            30
5.5.1.   GROUNDS FOR TECHNICAL REJECTIONS
Bidders are advised to note that Bids are liable to be rejected inter alia on the following technical grounds
•   Amount blocked does not tally with the amount payable for the Equity Shares applied for;
•   In case of partnership firms, Equity Shares may be registered in the names of the individual partners and no firm as
    such shall be entitled to apply;
•   Bid by persons not competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including minors, insane persons;
•   PAN not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form;
•   Bids at a price less than the Floor Price and Bids at a price more than the Cap Price;
•   GIR number furnished instead of PAN;
•   Bid for lower number of Equity Shares than specified for that category of investors;
•   Downward Modification and cancellation shall not be applicable to any of the category of bidding.
•   Bidding for all Categories on the last day shall close at 4:00 PM.
•   Placing bids on Cut-off price shall not be applicable/ available to any of the category of bidding.
•   Bids for number of Equity Shares which are not in multiples Equity Shares which are not in multiples as specified in
    the RHP;
•   The amounts mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form does not tally with the amount payable
    for the value of the Equity Shares Bid/Applied for;
•   Bids for lower number of Equity Shares than the minimum specified for that category of investors;
•   Category not ticked;
•   Multiple Bids as defined in the RHP;
•   In case of Bids under power of attorney or by limited companies, corporate, trust etc., where relevant documents are
    not submitted;
•   Bid accompanied by Stock invest/ money order/ postal order/ cash/ cheque/ demand draft/ pay order;
•   Signature of sole Bidder is missing;
•   Bid cum Application Forms not delivered by the Bidder within the time prescribed as per the Bid cum Application
    Forms, Bid/Issue Opening Date advertisement and the RHP and as per the instructions in the RHP and the Bid cum
    Application Forms;
•   In case no corresponding record is available with the Depositories that matches three parameters namely, names of
    the Bidders (including the order of names of joint holders), the Depository Participants identity (DP ID) and the
    beneficiary’s account number;
•   Bids for amounts greater than the maximum permissible amounts prescribed by the regulations;
•   Bid by OCBs;
•   Bids by US persons other than in reliance on Regulation S or "qualified institutional buyers" as defined in Rule 144A
    under the Securities Act;
•   Inadequate funds in the bank account to block the Bid Amount specified in the Bid cum Application Form/Application
    Form at the time of blocking such Bid Amount in the bank account;
•   Bids not uploaded on the terminals of the Stock Exchanges;
•   Where no confirmation is received from SCSB for blocking of funds;
•   Bids by SCSBs wherein a separate account in its own name held with any other SCSB is not mentioned as the ASBA
    Account in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form. Bids not duly signed by the sole/First Bidder;
•   Bids by any persons outside India if not in compliance with applicable foreign and Indian laws;
•   Bids that do not comply with the securities laws of their respective jurisdictions are liable to be rejected;
•   Bids by persons prohibited from buying, selling or dealing in the shares directly or indirectly by SEBI or any other
                                                             31
       regulatory authority;
•      Bids by persons who are not eligible to acquire Equity Shares of the Company in terms of all applicable laws, rules,
       regulations, guidelines, and approvals; and
•      Details of ASBA Account not provided in the Bid cum Application form.
5.6.       BASIS OF ALLOCATION
a)        The SEBI (ICDR) Regulations specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of
          Bidders in an Issue depending on compliance with the eligibility conditions. Certain details pertaining to the
          percentage of Issue size available for allocation to each category is disclosed overleaf of the Bid cum Application
          Form and in the RHP / Prospectus. For details in relation to allocation, the Bidder may refer to the RHP /
          Prospectus.
b)        Under-subscription in any category (except QIB Category) is allowed to be met with spill over from any other
          category or combination of categories at the discretion of the Issuer and in consultation with the BRLM and the
          Designated Stock Exchange and in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, Unsubscribed portion in QIB
          Category is not available for subscription to other categories.
c)        In case of under subscription in the Issue, spill-over to the extent of such under- subscription may be permitted
          from the Reserved Portion to the Net Issue. For allocation in the event of an under-subscription applicable to the
          Issuer, Bidders may refer to the RHP.
(a)       Illustration of the Book Building and Price Discovery Process
Bidders should note that this example is solely for illustrative purposes and is not specific to the Issue; it also excludes
Bidding by Anchor Investors. Bidders can bid at any price within the Price Band. For instance, assume a Price Band of ₹
20 to ₹ 24 per share, Issue size of 3,000 Equity Shares and receipt of five Bids from Bidders, details of which are shown
in the table below. The illustrative book given below shows the demand for the Equity Shares of the Issuer at various prices
and is collated from Bids received from various investors.
        Bid Quantity               Bid Amount (₹ )              Cumulative Quantity                   Subscription
             500                         24                            500                               16.67%
            1,000                        23                           1,500                              50.00%
            1,500                        22                           3,000                             100.00%
            2,000                        21                           5,000                             166.67%
            2,500                        20                           7,500                             250.00%
The price discovery is a function of demand at various prices. The highest price at which the Issuer is able to Issue the
desired number of Equity Shares is the price at which the book cuts off, i.e., ₹ 22.00 in the above example. The Issuer, in
consultation with the BRLM, may finalise the Issue Price at or below such Cut-Off Price, i.e., at or below ₹ 22.00. All Bids
at or above this Issue Price are valid Bids and are considered for allocation in the respective categories.
(b)       Alternate Method of Book Building
In case of FPOs, Issuers may opt for an alternate method of Book Building in which only the Floor Price is specified for
thepurposes of bidding (Alternate Book Building Process).
The Issuer may specify the Floor Price in the RHP or advertise the Floor Price at least one Working Day prior to the Bid/
Issue Opening Date. QIBs may Bid at a price higher than the Floor Price and the Allotment to the QIBs is made on a price
priority basis. The Bidder with the highest Bid Amount is allotted the number of Equity Shares Bid for and then the second
highest Bidder is Allotted Equity Shares and this process continues until all the Equity Shares have been allotted. II’s, NIIs
are Allotted Equity Shares at the Floor Price and allotment to these categories of Bidders is made proportionately. If the
number of Equity Shares Bid for at a price is more than available quantity then the Allotment may be done on a
proportionate basis. Further, the Issuer may place a cap either in terms of number of specified securities or percentage of
issued capital of the Issuer that may be Allotted to a single Bidder, decide whether a Bidder be allowed to revise the bid
upwards or downwards in terms of price and/or quantity and also decide whether a Bidder be allowed single or multiple
bids.




                                                              32
                            SECTION 6: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN FIXED PRICE ISSUE
Applicants may note that there is no Bid cum Application Form in a Fixed Price Issue. As the Issue Price is mentioned
in the Fixed Price Issue therefore on filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, the Application so submitted is considered as
the application form.
Applicants may only use the specified Application Form for the purpose of making an application in terms of the Prospectus
which may be submitted through the Designated Intermediary.
ASBA Applicants may submit an Application Form either in physical form to the Designated Intermediaries or in the
electronic form to the SCSB or the Designated Branches of the SCSBs authorizing blocking of funds that are available in
the bank account specified in the Application Form only (ASBA Account). The Application Form is also made available
on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at least one day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date.
In a fixed price Issue, allocation in the net Issue to the public category is made as follows: minimum fifty per cent to
Individual investors; and remaining to (i) individual bidders other than Individual investors; and (ii) other Applicants
including corporate bodies or institutions, irrespective of the number of specified securities applied for. The unsubscribed
portion in either of the categories specified above may be allocated to the Applicants in the other category.
For details of instructions in relation to the Application Form, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the relevant section of the
GID.




                                                            33
                    SECTION 7: ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT
The Allotment of Equity Shares to Bidders/Applicants other than Individual investors and Anchor Investors may be on
proportionate basis. For Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to RHP/Prospectus. No
Individual Investor will be allotted less than the minimum Bid Lot subject to availability of shares in Individual Investor
Category and the remaining available shares, if any will be Allotted on a proportionate basis. The Issuer is required to
receive a minimum subscription of 90% of the Issue (excluding any Issue for Sale of specified securities). However, in
case the Issue is in the nature of Issue for Sale only, then minimum subscription may not be applicable.
7.1.   ALLOTMENT TO INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS
Bids received from the Individual Investors at or above the Issue Price may be grouped together to determine the total
demand under this category. If the aggregate demand in this category is less than or equal to the Individual investors
category at or above the Issue Price, full Allotment may be made to the Individual Investors to the extent of the valid Bids.
If the aggregate demand in this category is greater than the allocation in the Individual investors category at or above the
Issue Price, then the maximum number of Individual Investors who can be Allotted the minimum Bid Lot will be computed
by dividing the total number of Equity Shares available for Allotment to Individual Investors by the minimum Bid Lot
(Maximum II Allottees). The Allotment to the Individual Investors will then be made in the following manner:
(a)     In the event the number of Individual Investors who have submitted valid Bids in the Issue is equal to or less than
        Maximum II Allottees; (i) all such Individual Investors shall be Allotted the minimum Bid Lot; and (ii) the balance
        available Equity Shares, if any, remaining in the Individual investors category shall be Allotted on a proportionate
        basis to the Individual Investors who have received Allotment as per (i) above for the balance demand of the Equity
        Shares Bid by them (i.e. who have Bid for more than the minimum Bid Lot).
(b)     In the event the number of Individual Investors who have submitted valid Bids in the Issue is more than Maximum
        II Allottees, the Individual Investors (in that category) who will then be Allotted minimum Bid Lot shall be
        determined on the basis of draw of lots.
7.2.   ALLOTMENT TO NIIs
Bids received from NIIs at or above the Issue Price may be grouped together to determine the total demand under this
category. The Allotment to all successful NIIs may be made at or above the Issue Price. If the aggregate demand in this
category is less than or equal to the Non-Institutional Category at or above the Issue Price, full Allotment may be made to
NIIs to the extent of their demand. In case the aggregate demand in this category is greater than the Non-Institutional
Category at or above the Issue Price, Allotment may be made on a proportionate basis up to a minimum of the Non-
Institutional Category.
7.3.   ALLOTMENT TO QIBs
For the Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the SEBI ICDR Regulations or RHP/
Prospectus. Bids received from QIBs Bidding in the QIB Category (net of Anchor Portion) at or above the Issue Price may
be grouped together to determine the total demand under this category. The QIB Category may be available for Allotment
to QIBs who have Bid at a price that is equal to or greater than the Issue Price. Allotment may be undertaken in the
following manner:
(a)     In the first instance allocation to Mutual Funds for up to 5% of the QIB Category may be determined as follows:
        (i) In the event that Bids by Mutual Fund exceeds 5% of the QIB Category, allocation to Mutual Funds may be
        done on a proportionate basis for up to 5% of the QIB Category; (ii) In the event that the aggregate demand from
        Mutual Funds is less than 5% of the QIB Category then all Mutual Funds may get full allotment to the extent of
        valid Bids received above the Issue Price; and (iii) Equity Shares remaining unsubscribed, if any and not allocated
        to Mutual Funds may be available for allotment to all QIBs as set out at paragraph 7.4(b) below.
(b)     In the second instance, allotment to all QIBs may be determined as follows: (i) In the event of oversubscription in
        the QIB Category, all QIBs who have submitted Bids above the Issue Price may be Allotted Equity Shares on a
        proportionate basis for up to 95% of the QIB Category; (ii) Mutual Funds, who have received allocation as per
        (a) above, for less than the number of Equity Shares Bid for by them, are eligible to receive Equity Shares on a
        proportionate basis along with other QIBs; and (iii) Under-subscription below 5% of the QIB Category, if any,
        from Mutual Funds, may be included for allocation to the remaining QIBs on a proportionate basis.
7.4.   ALLOTMENT TO ANCHOR INVESTOR (IF APPLICABLE)
(a)     Allocation of Equity Shares to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be at the discretion of the
        issuer subject to compliance with the following requirements:


                                                             34
i.      not more than 60% of the QIB Category will be allocated to Anchor Investors;
ii.     40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for, (i) 33.33% shall be available for allocation to domestic
        Mutual Funds and (ii) 6.67% shall be available for allocation to life insurance companies and pension funds, subject
        to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds, life insurance companies, and pension funds at or above
        the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription under (ii) above, the allocation may be
        made to domestic Mutual Funds; and
iii.    allocation to Anchor Investors shall be on a discretionary basis and subject to:
•       a maximum number of two Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹ 10 crores;
•       a minimum number of two Anchor Investors and maximum number of 15 Anchor Investors for allocation of more
        than ₹ 10 crores and up to ₹ 250 crores subject to minimum allotment of ₹ 5 crores per such Anchor Investor; and
•       in case of allocation above two hundred fifty crore rupees; a minimum number of five Anchor Investors and a
        maximum number of 15 Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹ 250 crores and an additional 10 Anchor Investors
        for every additional ₹ 250 crores or part thereof, subject to minimum allotment of ₹ 5 crores per such Anchor
        Investor.
(b)     A physical book is prepared by the Registrar on the basis of the Bid cum Application Forms received from Anchor
        Investors. Based on the physical book and at the discretion of the issuer in consultation with the BRLMs, selected
        Anchor Investors will be sent a CAN and if required, a revised CAN.
(c)     In the event that the Issue Price is higher than the Anchor Investor Issue Price: Anchor Investors will be sent a
        revised CAN within one day of the Pricing Date indicating the number of Equity Shares allocated to such Anchor
        Investor and the pay-in date for payment of the balance amount. Anchor Investors are then required to pay any
        additional amounts, being the difference between the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price, as indicated
        in the revised CAN within the pay-in date referred to in the revised CAN. Thereafter, the Allotment Advice will be
        issued to such Anchor Investors.
(d)     In the event the Issue Price is lower than the Anchor Investor Issue Price: Anchor Investors who have been Allotted
        Equity Shares will directly receive Allotment Advice.
7.5.     BASIS OF ALLOTMENT FOR QIBs (OTHER THAN ANCHOR INVESTORS), NIIs AND RESERVED
         CATEGORY IN CASE OF OVER-SUBSCRIBED ISSUE
In the event of the Issue being over-subscribed, the Issuer may finalise the Basis of Allotment in consultation with
the Designated Stock Exchange in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
The allocation may be made in marketable lots, on a proportionate basis as explained below:
(a)     Bidders may be categorized according to the number of Equity Shares applied for.
(b)     The total number of Equity Shares to be Allotted to each category as a whole may be arrived at on a proportionate
        basis, which is the total number of Equity Shares applied for in that category (number of Bidders in the category
        multiplied by the number of Equity Shares applied for) multiplied by the inverse of the over-subscription ratio.
(c)     The number of Equity Shares to be Allotted to the successful Bidders may be arrived at on a proportionate basis,
        which istotal number of Equity Shares applied for by each Bidder in that category multiplied by the inverse of the
        over- subscription ratio.
(d)     In all Bids where the proportionate Allotment is less than the minimum Bid Lot decided per Bidder, the Allotment
        may be made as follows: the successful Bidders out of the total Bidders for a category may be determined by a
        draw of lots in a manner such that the total number of Equity Shares Allotted in that category is equal to the number
        of Equity Shares calculated in accordance with (b) above; and each successful Bidder may be Allotted a minimum
        of such Equity Shares equal to the minimum Bid Lot finalised by the Issuer.
(e)     If the proportionate Allotment to a Bidder is a number that is more than the minimum Bid Lot but is not a multiple
        of one (which is the marketable lot), the decimal may be rounded off to the higher whole number if that decimal
        is 0.5 or higher. If that number is lower than 0.5 it may be rounded off to the lower whole number. Allotment to all
        Bidders in such categories may be arrived at after such rounding off.
(f)     If the Equity Shares allocated on a proportionate basis to any category are more than the Equity Shares Allotted to
        the Bidders in that category, the remaining Equity Shares available for allotment may be first adjusted against any
        other category, where the Allotted Equity Shares are not sufficient for proportionate Allotment to the successful
        Bidders in that category. The balance Equity Shares, if any, remaining after such adjustment may be added to the
        category comprising Bidders applying for minimum number of Equity Shares.
                                                            35
7.6.    DESIGNATED DATE AND ALLOTMENT OF EQUITY SHARES
(a)    Designated Date: On the Designated Date, the Anchor Escrow Bank shall transfer the funds represented by
       allocation of Equity Shares to Anchor Investors from the Escrow Accounts, as per the terms of the Cash Escrow
       Agreement, into the Public Issue Account with the Bankers to the Issue. The balance amount after transfer to the
       Public Issue Account shall be transferred to the Refund Account. Payments of refund to the Bidders applying in the
       Anchor Investor Portion shall be made from the Refund Account as per the terms of the Cash Escrow Agreement
       and the RHP. On the Designated Date, the Registrar to the Issue shall instruct the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as
       applicable, to transfer funds represented by allocation of Equity Shares from ASBA Accounts into the Public Issue
       Account.
(b)    Issuance of Allotment Advice: Upon approval of the Basis of Allotment by the Designated Stock Exchange, the
       Registrar shall upload the same on its website. On the basis of the approved Basis of Allotment, the Issuer shall
       pass necessary resolutions and undertake corporate actions to facilitate the Allotment and credit of Equity Shares
       to successful Bidders/Applicants. Bidders/Applicants are advised to instruct their Depository Participant to accept
       the Equity Shares that may be allotted to them pursuant to the Issue.
       Pursuant to confirmation of such corporate actions, the Registrar will dispatch Allotment Advice to the
       Bidders/Applicants who have been Allotted Equity Shares in the Issue.
(c)    The dispatch of Allotment Advice shall be deemed a valid, binding and irrevocable contract.
(d)    Issuer will ensure that: (i) the Allotment of Equity Shares; and (ii) credit of shares to the successful
       Bidders/Applicants Depository Account will be completed within two Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date.




                                                          36
                                      SECTION 8: INTEREST AND REFUNDS
8.1.   COMPLETION OF FORMALITIES FOR LISTING & COMMENCEMENT OF TRADING
The Issuer may ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading
at all the Stock Exchanges are taken within Three Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date.
8.2.   GROUNDS FOR REFUND
8.2.1. NON-RECEIPT OF LISTING PERMISSION
An Issuer makes an application to the Stock Exchange(s) for permission to deal in/list and for an official quotation of the
Equity Shares. All the Stock Exchanges from where such permission is sought are disclosed in RHP/Prospectus. The
Designated Stock Exchange will be disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus with which the Basis of Allotment may be finalised.
If the Issuer fails to make application to the Stock Exchange(s) and obtain permission for listing of the Equity Shares, in
accordance with the provisions of Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Issuer may be punishable with a fine which
shall not be less than ₹ 5 lakhs but which may extend to ₹ 50 lakhs and every officer of the Issuer who is in default shall
be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year or with fine which shall not be less than ₹
50,000 but which may extend to ₹ 3 lakhs, or with both.
If the permissions to deal in and for an official quotation of the Equity Shares are not granted by any of the Stock
Exchange(s), the Issuer may forthwith take steps to refund, without interest, all moneys received from the
Bidders/Applicants in pursuance of the RHP/Prospectus.
If such money is not refunded to Bidders within the prescribed time after the Issuer becomes liable to repay it, then the
Issuer and every director of the Issuer who is an officer in default may, on and from such expiry of such period, be liable
to repay the money, with interest at such rate, as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus.
8.2.2. NON-FULFILLMENT OF THE OBLIGATIONS BY THE UNDERWRITERS
This Issue is not restricted to any minimum subscription level and is 100% underwritten. As per Section 39 of the
Companies Act, 2013, if the stated minimum amount‖ has not be subscribed and the sum payable on application is not
received within a period of 30 days from the date of the Prospectus, the application money has to be returned within such
period as may be prescribed. If our Company does not receive the 100% subscription of the Issue through the Issue
Document including devolvement of Underwriters, if any, within sixty (60) days from the date of closure of the Issue, our
Company shall forthwith refund the entire subscription amount received. If there is a delay beyond eight days after our
Company becomes liable to pay the amount, our Company and every officer in default will, on and from the expiry of
this period, be jointly and severally liable to repay the money, with interest or other penalty as prescribed under the SEBI
Regulations, the Companies Act 2013 and applicable law.
8.2.3. NON-RECEIPT OF MINIMUM SUBSCRIPTION
If the Issuer does not receive a minimum subscription (excluding any Issue for sale of specified securities), including
devolvement to the Underwriters, as applicable, the Issuer may forthwith, take steps to unblock the entire subscription
amount received within six Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date and repay, without interest, all moneys received
from Anchor Investors. This is further subject to the compliance with Rule 19(2) (b) of the SCRR. In case the Issue is in
the nature of Issue for Sale only, then minimum subscription may not be applicable. In case of under- subscription in the
Issue, the Equity Shares in the Issue will be issued prior to the sale of Equity Shares in the Issue for Sale.
If there is a delay beyond the prescribed time after the Issuer becomes liable to pay or unblock the amount received from
Bidders, then the Issuer and every director of the Issuer who is an officer in default may on and from expiry of prescribed
time period under applicable laws, be jointly and severally liable to repay the money, with interest at the rate of 15% per
annum in accordance with the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, as amended.
8.2.4. MINIMUM NUMBER OF ALLOTTEES
The Issuer may ensure that the number of prospective Allottees to whom Equity Shares may be allotted may not be less
than 200 failing which the entire application monies may be refunded forthwith.
8.2.5. IN CASE OF ISSUES MADE UNDER COMPULSORY BOOK BUILDING
In case an Issuer not eligible under Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations comes for an Issue under Regulation
6(2) of SEBI ICDR Regulations but fails to Allot at least 75% of the Issue to QIBs, in such case full subscription money is
to be refunded.
8.3.   MODE OF REFUND
1.      In case of ASBA Bids: Within six Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Registrar to the Issue may
                                                            37
         give instructions to SCSBs or in case of Bids by Individual Investors applying through the UPI mechanism to the
         Sponsor Bank to revoke the mandate and for unblocking the amount for unsuccessful Bids or for any excess amount
         blocked on Bidding.
2.       In case of Anchor Investors: Within four Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Registrar to the Issue
         may dispatch the refund orders for all amounts payable to unsuccessful Anchor Investors.
3.       In case of Anchor Investors, the Registrar to the Issue may obtain from the depositories the Bidders‘ bank account
         details, including the MICR code, on the basis of the DP ID, Client ID and PAN provided by the Anchor Investors
         in their Bid cum Application Forms for refunds. Accordingly, Anchor Investors are advised to immediately update
         their details as appearing on the records of their depositories. Failure to do so may result in delays in dispatch of
         refund orders or refunds through electronic transfer of funds, as applicable, and any such delay may be at the
         Anchor Investors‘ sole risk and neither the Issuer, the Registrar to the Issue, the Escrow Collection Banks, or the
         Syndicate, may be liable to compensate the Anchor Investors for any losses caused to them due to any such delay,
         or liable to pay any interest for such delay. Please note that refunds shall be credited only to the bank account from
         which the Bid Amount was remitted to the Escrow Bank.
4.       In the case of Bids from Eligible NRI Bidders and FPIs, refunds, if any, may generally be payable in Indian Rupees
         only and net of bank charges and/or commission. If so desired, such payments in Indian Rupees may be converted
         into U.S. Dollars or any other freely convertible currency as may be permitted by the RBI at the rate of exchange
         prevailing at the time of remittance and may be dispatched by registered post. The Company may not be responsible
         for loss, if any, incurred by the Bidder/Applicant on account of conversion of foreign currency.
8.3.1.   Electronic mode of making refunds for Anchor Investors
The payment of refund, if any, may be done through various electronic modes as mentioned below:
i.       NACH—National Automated Clearing House is a consolidated system of ECS. Payment of refund would be done
         through NACH for Anchor Investors having an account at any of the centres specified by the RBI where such
         facility has been made available. This would be subject to availability of complete bank account details including
         Magnetic Ink Character Recognition (MICR) code wherever applicable from the depository. The payment of
         refund through NACH is mandatory for Anchor Investors having a bank account at any of the centres where NACH
         facility has been made available by the RBI (subject to availability of all information for crediting the refund
         through NACH including the MICR code as appearing on a cheque leaf, from the depositories), except where the
         applicant is otherwise disclosed as eligible to get refunds through NEFT or Direct Credit or RTGS.
ii.      NEFT—Payment of refund may be undertaken through NEFT wherever the branch of the Anchor Investors‘ bank
         is NEFT enabled and has been assigned the Indian Financial System Code (―IFSC), which can be linked to the
         MICR of that particular branch. The IFSC may be obtained from the website of RBI as at a date prior to the date
         of payment of refund, duly mapped with MICR numbers. Wherever the Anchor Investors have registered their nine
         - digit MICR number and their bank account number while opening and operating the demat account, the same
         may be duly mapped with the IFSC of that particular bank branch and the payment of refund maybe made to the
         Anchor Investors through this method. In the event NEFT is not operationally feasible, the payment of refunds
         may be made through any one of the other modes as discussed in this section.
iii.     Direct Credit—Anchor Investors having their bank account with the Refund Banker may be eligible to receive
         refunds, if any, through direct credit to such bank account.
iv.      RTGS—Anchor Investors having a bank account with a bank branch which is RTGS enabled as per the
         information available on the website of RBI and whose refund amount exceeds ₹ 0.2 million, shall be eligible to
         receive refund through RTGS, provided the Demographic Details downloaded from the Depositories contain the
         nine-digit MICR code of the Anchor Investor‘s bank which can be mapped with the RBI data to obtain the
         corresponding IFSC. Charges, if any, levied by the Anchor Escrow Bank for the same would be borne by our
         Company. Charges, if any, levied by the Anchor Investor‘s bank receiving the credit would be borne by the Anchor
         Investor.
Please note that refunds through the abovementioned modes shall be credited only to the bank account from which the Bid
Amount was remitted to the Escrow Bank.
For details of levy of charges, if any, for any of the above methods, Bank charges, if any, for cashing such cheques, pay
orders or demand drafts at other centers etc. Bidders/Applicants may refer to RHP/Prospectus.
8.4.     INTEREST IN CASE OF DELAY IN ALLOTMENT OR REFUND
In case of any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI
Mechanism) exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform
                                                              38
rate of ₹ 100 per day for the entire duration of delay exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date by the
intermediary responsible for causing such delay in unblocking. The BRLM shall, in their sole discretion, identify and fix
the liability on such intermediary or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. The Bidder shall be compensated in
the manner specified in the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31, 2021 and SEBI circular
no SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated
April 20, 2022 and SEBI Circular No: SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 dated May 30, 2022 shall be
deemed to be incorporated in the deemed agreement of the Bank with the SCSBs to the extent applicable, in case of delays
in resolving investor grievances in relation to blocking/unblocking of funds, which for the avoidance of doubt, shall be
deemed to be incorporated in the deemed agreement of our Company with the SCSBs, to the extent applicable




                                                           39
                                 SECTION 9: GLOSSARY AND ABBREVIATIONS
Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, certain definitions and abbreviations used in this document may have
the meaning as provided below. References to any legislation, act or regulation may be to such legislation, act or regulation
as amended from time to time. In case of inconsistency in the description of a term mentioned herein below and the
description ascribed to such term in the Red Herring Prospectus, the description as ascribed to such term in the Red
Herring Prospectus/ Prospectus shall prevail.
         Term                   Description
 Abridged Prospectus            Abridged Prospectus means a memorandum containing such salient features of a
                                Prospectus as may be specified by SEBI in this behalf.
 Acknowledgement Slip           The slip or document issued by the Designated Intermediary to an Applicant as proof of
                                registration of the Application.
 Allotment/Allot/Allotted       Unless the context otherwise requires, allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue to
                                the successful Applicants.
 Application Form               The Form in terms of which the applicant shall apply for the Equity Shares of our
                                Company.
 Allotment Advice               Note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to the Bidders who have been allotted
                                Equity Shares after the Basis of Allotment has been approved by the Designated Stock
                                Exchanges.
 Application Supported by       An application, whether physical or electronic, used by applicants to make an application
 Blocked Amount / ASBA          authorizing a SCSB to block the application amount in the ASBA Account maintained
                                with the SCSB.
 ASBA Account                   An account maintained with the SCSB and specified in the application form submitted by
                                ASBA applicant for blocking the amount mentioned in the application form.
 ASBA Applicant                 Any prospective investor who makes an application pursuant to the terms of the Red
                                Herring Prospectus and the Application Form including through UPI mode (as
                                applicable).
 ASBA Bid                       A Bid made by ASBA Bidder.
 ASBA Bidder                    Any prospective investor(s) / Bidder (s) in this Issue who apply(ies) through the ASBA
                                process.
 ASBA Form                      An application form, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Applicant and which
                                will be considered as the application for Allotment in terms of the Prospectus
 Allotment                      Issue of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue to the successful applicants.
 Allottee(s)                    The successful applicant to whom the Equity Shares are being / have been issued.
 Banker(s) to the Issue         Banks which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as bankers to an issue and
                                with whom the Public Issue Account will be opened, in this case being Axis Bank Limited.
 Bid                            An indication to make an Issue during the Bid/ Issue Period by an ASBA Bidder pursuant
                                to submission of the ASBA Form, or during the Anchor Investor Bidding Date by an
                                Anchor Investor pursuant to submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form, to
                                subscribe to or purchase the Equity Shares at a price within the Price Band, including all
                                revisions and modifications thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and
                                in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the relevant Bid cum Application Form. The
                                term “Bidding” shall be construed accordingly.
 Bid Lot                        Minimum of [●] Equity Shares and in multiples of [●] Equity Shares thereafter
 Bid/Issue Closing Date         The date after which the Designated Intermediaries will not accept any Bids, being
                                September 28, 2026, which shall be published in a widely circulated English national daily
                                newspaper, a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper and a widely circulated in
                                the regional language, where our Registered Office is located.
 Bid/Issue Opening Date         The date on which the Designated Intermediaries shall start accepting Bids, being
                                September 24, 2026, which shall be published in a widely circulated English national daily
                                newspaper, a widely circulated Hindi national daily newspaper and a widely circulated in
                                the regional language, where our Registered Office is located.
 Bid/ Issue Period              The period between the Bid/ Issue Opening Date and the Bid/ Issue Closing Date,
                                inclusive of both days, during which prospective Bidders can submit their Bids, including
                                any revisions thereof in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the terms of the

                                                             38
        Term                Description
                            Red Herring Prospectus. Provided, however, that the Bidding shall be kept open for a
                            minimum of three Working Days for all categories of Bidders, other than Anchor
                            Investors. Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager may
                            consider closing the Bid/Issue Period for the QIB Portion One Working Day prior to the
                            Bid/Issue Closing Date which shall also be notified in an advertisement in same
                            newspapers in which the Bid/Issue Opening Date was published, in accordance with the
                            SEBI ICDR Regulations.

                            In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, our Company may, in
                            consultation with the BRLM, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the Bid / Issue
                            Period for a minimum of 1 (One) Working Days, subject to the Bid/ Issue Period not
                            exceeding 10 (Ten) Working Days.
Bidder/ Investor            Any prospective investor who makes a bid for Equity Shares in terms of the Red Herring
                            Prospectus.
Bid Amount                  The amount at which the bidder makes a bid for the Equity Shares of our Company in
                            terms of Red Herring Prospectus.
Bid cum Application Form    The form in terms of which the bidder shall make a bid, including ASBA Form, and which
                            shall be considered as the bid for the Allotment pursuant to the terms of this Red Herring
                            Prospectus.
Book Building Process       Book building process, as provided in Part A of Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR
                            Regulations, in terms of which the Issue is being made.
Book     Running     Lead   The Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue, being Finaax Capital Advisors Private
Manager/ BRLM               Limited.
Basis of Allotment          The basis on which equity shares will be allotted to successful applicants under the Issue
                            and which is described in the chapter titled “Issue Procedure” beginning on page no. 313
                            of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Bidding Centres             Centres at which the Designated Intermediaries shall accept the Application Forms i.e.
                            Designated SCSB Branch for SCSBs, Specified Locations for members of the Syndicate,
                            Broker Centres for Registered Brokers, Designated RTA Locations for RTAs and
                            Designated CDP Locations for CDPs.
Broker Centres              Broker centres notified by the Stock Exchanges where ASBA Applicants can submit the
                            ASBA Forms to a Registered Broker. The details of such Broker Centres, along with the
                            names and the contact details of the Registered Brokers are available on the respective
                            websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com).
Business Day                Monday to Friday (except public holidays).
CAN or Confirmation of      The Note or advice or intimation sent to each successful Applicant indicating the Equity
Allocation Note             which will be allotted, after approval of Basis of Allotment by the designated Stock
                            Exchange.
Cap Price                   The higher end of the Price Band, subject to any revisions thereto, above which the Issue
                            Price will not be finalized and above which no Bids will be accepted.
Client ID                   The client identification number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to
                            demat account.
Collecting     Depository   A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996, registered with
Participant/ CDP            SEBI and who is eligible to procure Bids from relevant Bidders at the Designated CDP
                            Locations in terms of the circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November
                            10, 2015 and the SEBI UPI Circulars, issued by SEBI and as per the list available on the
                            websites of BSE and NSE.
Circular on Streamlining    The SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018,
of Public Issues/ UPI       SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, SEBI circular
Circular                    no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, SEBI Circular no.
                            SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, Circular number
                            SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019, Circular number
                            SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, SEBI circular no.
                            SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, SEBI Master
                            circular, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 and

                                                        39
        Term                 Description
                             as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 April 20,
                             2022, SEBI circular no SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022 SEBI
                             master circular no.SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/00094 dated June 21, 2023,along
                             with (i) the circulars issued by the National Stock Exchange of India Limited having
                             reference no. 23/2022 dated July 22, 2022 and reference no. 25/2022 dated August 3,
                             2022; and (ii) the circulars issued by BSE having reference no. 20220722-30 dated July
                             22, 2022 and reference no. 20220803-40 dated August 3, 2022; and any subsequent
                             circulars or notifications issued by SEBI, BSE or National Stock Exchange of India
                             Limited in this regard.
Controlling                  Such branches of SCSBs which coordinate Applications under the Issue with the LM, the
Branches                     Registrar and the Stock Exchange, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at
                             http://www.sebi.gov.in or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time
                             to time.
Cut Off Price                The Issue Price, as finalised by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, which shall
                             be any price within the Price Band. Only Individual Bidders are entitled to Bid at the Cut-
                             off Price. QIBs (including Anchor Investors) and Non- Institutional Bidders are not
                             entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price
Depository                   A depository registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Depositories and Participants)
                             Regulations, 2018.
Designated CDP Locations     Such locations of the CDPs where Bidders can submit the ASBA Forms. The details of
                             such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the Collecting
                             Depository Participants eligible to accept ASBA Forms are available on the respective
                             websites of the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com)
Designated Date              The date on which relevant amounts are transferred from the ASBA Accounts to the
                             Public Issue Account or the Refund Account, as the case may be, and/or the instructions
                             are issued to the SCSBs (in case of UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism, instruction
                             issued through the Sponsor Bank) for the transfer of amounts blocked by the SCSBs in
                             the ASBA Accounts to the Public Issue Account, in terms of the Prospectus following
                             which Equity Shares will be Allotted in the Issue.
Demographic Details          Details of the Applicants including their address, name of the father/husband, investor
                             status, occupation and bank account details and UPI ID, where applicable.
Designated Intermediaries/   In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by Individuals Investors authorising an SCSB to
Collecting agent             block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account, Designated Intermediaries shall mean
                             SCSBs.
                             In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by UPI Bidders where the Bid Amount will be
                             blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by such UPI Bidders using the UPI
                             Mechanism, Designated Intermediaries shall mean Syndicate, sub-Syndicate/agents,
                             Registered Brokers, CDPs, SCSBs and RTAs.
                             In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders (not using
                             the UPI Mechanism), Designated Intermediaries shall mean Syndicate, sub-Syndicate/
                             agents, SCSBs, Registered Brokers, the CDPs and RTAs.
Designated RTA Locations     Such locations of the RTAs where Applicants can submit the ASBA Forms to RTAs. The
                             details of such Designated RTA Locations, along with names and contact details of the
                             RTAs eligible to accept ASBA Forms are available on the respective websites of the Stock
                             Exchanges (www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com ), as updated from time to time.
Designated SCSB              Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms (other than ASBA
Branches                     Forms submitted by Individuals Investors where the Application Amount will be blocked
                             upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by such II using the UPI Mechanism), a list of
                             which        is       available      on     the      website        of       SEBI        at
                             www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes. Intermediaries or at
                             such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.
Designated Stock             SME Platform of BSE Limited (“BSE SME”).
Exchange
Depository Participant       A Depository Participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996.
Designated Market            Bhansali Value Creations Private Limited will act as the Market Maker and has agreed to
Maker                        receive or deliver the specified securities in the market making process for a period of
                                                         40
        Term                Description
                            three years from the date of listing of our Equity Shares or for a period as may be notified
                            by amendment to SEBI ICDR Regulations.
DP ID                       Depository Participant’s identity number.
Draft                       The Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated December 16, 2025 issued in accordance with
Red Herring                 Section 26 and 32 of the Companies Act filed with the SME Platform of BSE Limited
Prospectus/DRHP             under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
Electronic Transfer of      Refunds through ECS, NEFT, Direct Credit or RTGS as applicable.
Funds
Eligible FPI(s)             FPIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer /
                            invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Application Form and the
                            Prospectus constitutes an invitation to subscribe to the Equity Shares.
Eligible NRI(s)             NRI(s) from jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer or
                            invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Application Form and the
                            Prospectus will constitute an invitation to subscribe to or to purchase the Equity Shares
Eligible QFIs               QFIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an Issue or
                            invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Prospectus constitutes an invitation
                            to purchase the Equity Shares Issued thereby and who have opened demat accounts with
                            SEBI registered qualified depositary participants.
Equity Listing              The listing agreements to be entered into by our Company with the Stock Exchange in
Agreements                  relation to our Equity Shares.
Escrow and Sponsor Bank     Agreement dated August 5, 2026 entered into amongst our Company, the Registrar to the
Agreement                   Issue, the Book Running Lead Manager and Banker to the Issue and Sponsor Bank, to
                            receive monies from the Applicants through the SCSBs Bank Account on the Designated
                            Date in the Public Issue Account.
Escrow Account(s)           Account(s) opened with the Bank(s) to the Issue pursuant to Escrow and Sponsor Bank
                            Agreement.
Escrow Collection Bank(s)   The Bank(s) which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as bankers to an issue
                            under the SEBI (Bankers to an Issue) Regulations, 1994 and with whom the Escrow
                            Account(s) will be opened, in this case being Axis Bank Limited.
First Applicant             The Applicant whose name appears first in the Application Form or the Revision Form
                            and in case of joint Bids, whose name shall also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary
                            account held in joint names.
Floor Price                 The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision(s) thereto, not being less than the
                            face value of Equity Shares, at or above which the Issue Price will be finalised and below
                            which no Bids will be accepted
Foreign Venture Capital     Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Foreign
Investors                   Venture Capital Investor) Regulations, 2000.
FPI / Foreign Portfolio     A Foreign Portfolio Investor who has been registered under Securities and Exchange
Investor                    Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014, provided that any FII or
                            QFI who holds a valid certificate of registration shall be deemed to be a foreign portfolio
                            investor till the expiry of the block of three years for which fees have been paid as per the
                            SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended.
Fresh Issue                 The Fresh Issue of 52,99,200 Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [•] Lakhs.
Fugitive Economic           An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the
Offender                    Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.
Fraudulent Borrower         Fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1) (lll) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
General Information         The General Information Document for investing in public issues prepared and issued in
Document (GID)              accordance with the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37 dated March
                            17, 2020 and the UPI Circulars, as amended from time to time. The General Information
                            Document shall be available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Book Running
                            Lead Manager.
GIR Number                  General Index Registry Number



                                                         41
        Term                   Description
Individual Investor(s)/        Investors applying for Minimum application size which shall be two lots per application,
III(s)                         such that the minimum application size shall be above ₹ 2 lakhs. (including HUFs
                               applying through their Karta) and Eligible NRIs.
Individual Investor Portion    The portion of the Issue being not less than 35% of the Net Issue, consisting of 25,03,200
                               Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/ each, available for allocation to Individual Bidders.
Issue Agreement                The agreement dated November 15, 2025, amongst our Company and the Book Running
                               Lead Manager, pursuant to which certain arrangements are agreed to in relation to the
                               Issue.
Issue Period                   The periods between the Issue Opening Date and the Issue Closing Date inclusive of both
                               days and during which prospective Applicants may submit their Bidding application.
Issue Price                    The price at which the Equity Shares are being issued by our Company through this Red
                               Herring Prospectus, being ₹ [●]/- (including share premium of ₹ [●]/- per Equity Share).
Issue Proceeds                 The proceeds of the Issue which shall be available to our Company. For further
                               information about use of the Issue Proceeds, see chapter titled “Object of the Issue”
                               beginning on page no. 81 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Issue Opening                  The date on which the Book Running Lead Manager, Syndicate Member, Designated
                               Branches of SCSBs and Registered Brokers shall start accepting Application for this
                               Issue, which shall be the date notified in an English national newspaper, Hindi national
                               newspaper and Regional Newspaper each with wide circulation as required under the
                               SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. In this case being September, 24, 2026.
Issue Closing                  The date after which the Book Running Lead Manager, Syndicate Member, Designated
                               Branches of SCSBs and Registered Brokers will not accept any Application for this Issue,
                               which shall be notified in all editions of Financial Express an English national daily
                               newspaper, all editions of Jansatta, a Hindi national daily newspaper and Indore editions
                               of Swaraj Jyoti, a Hindi daily newspaper (Hindi being the regional language of Madhya
                               Pradesh each with wide circulation as required under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. In
                               this case being September, 28, 2026.
Issue/ Issue Size/ Initial     The initial public offering of 52,99,200 Equity Shares for cash at a price of ₹ [●] each,
Public Issue/ Initial Public   aggregating up to ₹ [●] Lakhs comprising the Fresh Issue.
Offering/IPO
Listing Agreement              The Equity Listing Agreement to be signed between our Company and the BSE Limited.
Market Maker                   Market Maker of the Company, in this case being Bhansali Value Creations Private
                               Limited.
Market Maker                   The Reserved portion of 2,95,200 Equity shares of ₹ 10 each at an Issue Price of ₹ [●]
Reservation Portion            aggregating to ₹ [●] for Designated Market Maker in the Public Issue of our Company.
Market Making                  The Agreement among the Market Maker, the Book Running Lead Manager and our
Agreement                      Company dated August 3, 2026.
Mobile App(s)                  The      mobile     applications     listed   on     the    website     of    SEBI       at
                               https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=
                               43 or such other website as may be updated from time to time, which may be used by
                               Individuals Investors to submit Bids using the UPI Mechanism.
Monitoring Agency              Brickwork Ratings India Private Limited
Mutual Funds                   Mutual funds registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India
                               (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996, as amended.
Mutual Fund Portion            5% of the Net QIB Portion (other than anchor allocation), or 3,600 Equity Shares, which
                               shall be available for allocation to Mutual Funds only on a proportionate basis, subject to
                               valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.
Net Issue                      The Issue (excluding the Market Maker Reservation Portion) of 50,04,000 Equity Shares
                               of ₹10/- each at ₹[●]/- per Equity Share including share premium of ₹[●]/- per Equity
                               Share aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs by Peshwa Wheat Limited.
Net Proceeds                   The proceeds from the Issue less the Issue related expenses applicable to the Fresh Issue.
Net QIB Portion                The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allocated to the Anchor
                               Investors.

                                                           42
          Term                 Description
Non-Institutional              Investors other than Individual Investors, NRIs and QIBs and who have Bid for Equity
Investors/           Non-      Shares for more than two lots.
Institutional     Bidders/
NIB’s
Non-Resident                   A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA Act, 1999 and includes Eligible
                               NRIs, Eligible QFIs, FIIs registered with SEBI and FVCIs registered with SEBI.
NPCI                           NPCI, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) initiative, is an umbrella organization for all retail
                               payments in India. It has been set up with the guidance and support of the Reserve Bank
                               of India (RBI) and Indian Banks Association (IBA).
Non-Institutional Investors    All Bidders that are not QIBs or Individual investor who applies for minimum application
/ NIIs                         size and who have Bid for Equity Shares for an amount more than two lots (but not
                               including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).
Pay-in-Period                  The period commencing on the Bid/Issue Opening date and extended till the closure of
                               the Anchor Investor Pay-in-Date.
Payment through                Payment through NECS, NEFT or Direct Credit, as applicable.
electronic transfer of funds
Person/Persons                 Any individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association, unincorporated
                               organization, body corporate, corporation, company, partnership, limited liability
                               company, joint venture, or trust or any other entity or organization validly constituted
                               and/or incorporated in the jurisdiction in which it exists and operates, as the context
                               requires.
                                Price Band of a minimum price (Floor Price) of ₹[●]/- and the maximum price (Cap Price)
Price Band                     of ₹[●]/- and includes revisions thereof. The Price Band will be decided by our Company
                               in consultation with the BRLM and advertised in two national daily newspapers (one each
                               in English and in Hindi) with wide circulation and one daily regional newspaper with wide
                               circulation at least two working days prior to the Bid / Issue Opening Date
Prospectus                     The Prospectus to be filed with the RoC in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013,
                               and the SEBI ICDR Regulations containing, inter alia, the Issue opening and closing
                               dates, the size of the Issue and certain other information.
Public Issue Account           An Account of the Company under Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013 where the
                               funds shall be transferred by the SCSBs from bank accounts of the ASBA Investors.
Pricing Date                   The date on which our Company, in consultation with the Managers, will finalise the Issue
                               Price.
Qualified Institutional        Qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the SEBI ICDR
Buyers/ QIBs                   Regulations
Qualified Foreign              Non-resident investors other than SEBI registered FIIs or sub-accounts or SEBI registered
Investors / QFIs               FVCIs who meet ‘know your client’ requirements prescribed by SEBI.
QIB Portion                    The portion of the Offer (including the Anchor Investor Portion) being not more than 50%
                               of the Issue, consisting of 49,200 equity shares, which shall be Allotted to QIBs (including
                               Anchor Investors) on a proportionate basis, including the Anchor Investor Portion (in
                               which allocation shall be on a discretionary basis, as determined by our Company in
                               consultation with the BRLM), subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue
                               Price.
Red Herring Prospectus /       The Red Herring Prospectus to be issued in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies
RHP                            Act, 2013 and the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which will not have
                               complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be offered and the size
                               of the Offer, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto
Registered Brokers             Stockbrokers registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India
                               (Stock Brokers and Sub Brokers) Regulations, 1992 and the stock exchanges having
                               nationwide terminals, other than the Members of the Syndicate and having terminals at
                               any of the Broker Centres and eligible to procure Applications in terms of Circular No.
                               CIR/CFD/14/2012 dated October 04, 2012 and the UPI Circulars issued by SEBI.
Refund Account                 The ‘no-lien’ and ‘non-interest bearing’ account opened with the Refund Bank, from
                               which refunds, if any, of the whole or part, of the Bid Amount to the Anchor Investors
                               shall be made.
                                                            43
        Term               Description
Refund Bank(s) /Refund     Bank(s) which is / are clearing member(s) and registered with the SEBI as Bankers to the
Banker(s)                  Issue at which the Refund Accounts will be opened in case listing of the Equity Shares
                           does not occur, in this case being Axis Bank Limited.
Registrar Agreement        The agreement dated November 15, 2025, entered into amongst our Company and the
                           Registrar to the Issue in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to
                           the Issue pertaining to the Issue
Registrar to the Issue/    Registrar to the Issue being Maashitla Securities Private Limited.
Registrar
Revision Form              Form used by the Bidders to modify the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Bid Amount
                           in any of their ASBA Form(s) or any previous Revision Form(s), as applicable. QIB
                           Bidders and Non Institutional Bidders are not allowed to withdraw or lower their Bids (in
                           terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. Individual Bidders
                           (subject to the minimum application size above ₹ 2.00 Lakhs) can revise their Bids during
                           the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date
Reserved Category/         Categories of persons eligible for making bid under reservation portion.
Categories
Reservation Portion        The portion of the Issue reserved for category of eligible bidders as provided under the
                           SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018
SEBI SCORES                Securities and Exchange Board of India Complaints Redress System
Self-Certified Syndicate   A Self Certified Syndicate Bank registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Bankers to an
Bank(s) or SCSB(s)         Issue) Regulations, 1994 and offers the facility of ASBA, including blocking of bank
                           account.        A       list     of      all      SCSBs        is       available      at
                           https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=
                           34                                                                                  and
                           https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=
                           35, as applicable or such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time;
                           and (b) in relation to ASBA (using the UPI Mechanism), a list of which is available on
                           the                  website                 of                 SEBI                   at
                           https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=
                           40, or such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time

                           Applications through UPI in the Offer can be made only through the SCSBs mobile
                           applications (apps) whose name appears on the SEBI website. A list of SCSBs and mobile
                           application, which, are live for applying in public issues using UPI Mechanism is
                           available          on            the         website         of         SEBI          at
                           https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=
                           43, as updated from time to time
Specified Locations        Bidding centres where the Syndicate shall accept ASBA Forms from Applicants, a list of
                           which will be included in the Application Form
Sponsor Bank               The Banker to the Issue registered with SEBI and appointed by our Company to act as a
                           conduit between the Stock Exchanges and the NPCI in order to push the mandate collect
                           requests and / or payment instructions of the Individual Bidders into the UPI and carry
                           out other responsibilities, in terms of the UPI Circulars. The Sponsor Bank in this case
                           being Axis Bank Ltd.
Stock Exchange             BSE Limited
Systemically   Important   Systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under Regulation
Non-Banking Financial      2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Companies
Syndicate Member           Syndicate member to the issue is Motisons Shares Limited.
Sub-Syndicate Member       A SEBI Registered member of stock exchange appointed by the BRLM and/or syndicate
                           member to act as a Sub-Syndicate Member in the Issue.
Syndicate Agreement        Agreement dated August 6, 2026 entered into among our Company, the BRLM and the
                           Syndicate Members in relation to collection of Bid cum Application Forms by the
                           Syndicate.


                                                        44
         Term              Description
Transaction Registration   The slip or document issued by a member of the Syndicate or an SCSB (only on demand),
Slip/TRS                   as the case may be, to the bidders, as proof of registration of the bid.
Underwriter                Underwriter to the issue is Finaax Capital Advisors Private Limited.
Underwriting Agreement     The Agreement entered into between the Underwriter and our Company dated August 3,
                           2026
UPI                        Unified payment Interface, which is an instant payment mechanism, developed by NPCI.
UPI Bidders                Collectively, individual investors applying as (i) Individual Bidders who applies for
                           minimum application size, and (ii) Non- Institutional Bidders with an application size of
                           up to ₹ 500,000 in the Non-Institutional Portion, and Bidding under the UPI Mechanism
                           through ASBA Form(s) submitted with Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers,
                           Collecting Depository Participants and Registrar and Share Transfer Agents.

                           Pursuant to Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022
                           issued by SEBI, all individual investors applying in public issues where the application
                           amount is up to ₹ 500,000 shall use UPI and shall provide their UPI ID in the application
                           form submitted with: (i) a syndicate member, (ii) a stock broker registered with a
                           recognized stock exchange (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock
                           exchange as eligible for such activity), (iii) a depository participant (whose name is
                           mentioned on the websites of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), and (iv) a
                           registrar to an issue and share transfer agent (whose name is mentioned on the website of
                           the stock exchange as eligible for such activity)
UPI Circular               The SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018,
                           SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, SEBI circular
                           no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, SEBI Circular no.
                           SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, Circular number
                           SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019, Circular number
                           SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, SEBI circular no.
                           SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, SEBI Master
                           circular, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 and
                           as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 April 20,
                           2022, SEBI circular no SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022 SEBI
                           master circular no.SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/00094 dated June 21, 2023,along
                           with (i) the circulars issued by the National Stock Exchange of India Limited having
                           reference no. 23/2022 dated July 22, 2022 and reference no. 25/2022 dated August 3,
                           2022; and (ii) the circulars issued by BSE having reference no. 20220722-30 dated July
                           22, 2022 and reference no. 20220803-40 dated August 3, 2022; and any subsequent
                           circulars or notifications issued by SEBI, BSE or National Stock Exchange of India
                           Limited in this regard.
UPI ID                     ID created on UPI for single-window mobile payment system developed by the NPCI.
UPI Mandate Request        A request (intimating the Individual Bidder who applies for minimum application size by
                           way of a notification on the Mobile App and by way of a SMS directing the Individual
                           Bidder who applies for minimum application size to such Mobile App) to the Individual
                           Bidder who applies for minimum application size initiated by the Sponsor Bank to
                           authorize blocking of funds on the Mobile App equivalent to Bid Amount and Subsequent
                           debit of funds in case of Allotment.
UPI Mechanism              The bidding mechanism that may be used by a II to make a Bid in the Issue in
                           accordance with the UPI Circulars.
UPI PIN                    Password to authenticate UPI transactions.
Working Days                 i. Till Application / Issue closing date:
                             All days other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday;
                             i. Post Application / Issue closing date and till the Listing of Equity Shares:
                             All trading days of stock exchanges excluding Sundays and bank holidays in accordance
                             with
                             the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26 dated January 21, 2016 and
                             the SEBI
                      1.   circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018.

                                                       45
