                                              POOJA LOGISTICS LIMITED
                                     (Formerly known as Pooja Logistics Private Limited)
                                                CIN: U60300DL2011PLC228491

Our Company was originally incorporated as “Pooja Logistics Private Limited” as a Private Limited Company under the provisions of
the Companies Act, 1956 vide Certificate of Incorporation dated December 09, 2011, issued by the Registrar of Companies, National
Capital Territory of Delhi and Haryana. Pursuant to a special resolution passed by our Shareholders in the Extra-Ordinary General
Meeting held on August 05, 2024, our Company was converted from a private limited company to a public limited company and
consequently, the name of our Company was changed to “Pooja Logistics Limited” and a fresh certificate of incorporation dated
November 18, 2024 was issued to our Company by the Registrar of Companies, Central Processing Centre, Manesar. The Corporate
Identification Number of our Company is U60300DL2011PLC228491.
                  Registered Office: 4 - Community Centre, Industrial Area Lawrence Road- 110035, Delhi, India.
                    Tel.: +91-9220607703, E-mail: cs.legal@poojalogistics.in Website: https://poojalogistics.in/
                          Contact Person: Mr. Ashish Bisht, Company Secretary cum Compliance Office
                             Promoters of our Company: Mr. Deepak Khanna and Mrs. Anu Khanna

                                        DETAILS OF THE ISSUE
  INITIAL PUBLIC ISSUE OF 38,46,000* EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹ 10 EACH (“EQUITY SHARES”)
  OF POOJA LOGISCTICS LIMITED (“OUR COMPANY” OR “THE ISSUER”) FOR CASH AT A PRICE OF ₹ [●]
  PER EQUITY SHARE (INCLUDING A SHARE PREMIUM OF ₹ [●] PER EQUITY SHARE) (“ISSUE PRICE”)
  AGGREGATING TO ₹ [●] LAKHS* (“ISSUE”). THIS ISSUE INCLUDES A RESERVATION OF 1,98,000 EQUITY
  SHARES AGGREGATING TO ₹ [●] LAKHS* FOR SUBSCRIPTION BY MARKET MAKERS (“MARKET MAKERS
  RESERVATION PORTION”) AND A RESERVATION OF 72,000* EQUITY SHARES (CONSTITUTING [●]% OF
  THE POST-ISSUE PAID-UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL OF OUR COMPANY) AGGREGATING TO ₹ [●] LAKHS*
  FOR SUBSCRIPTION BY ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES (AS DEFINED HEREINAFTER) (THE “EMPLOYEE
  RESERVATION PORTION”). THE ISSUE LESS THE MARKET MAKERS RESERVATION PORTION AND
  EMPLOYEE RESERVATION PORTION I.E. ISSUE OF 35,76,000 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹ 10/-
  EACH, AT AN ISSUE PRICE OF ₹ [●] PER EQUITY SHARE FOR CASH, AGGREGATING TO ₹ [●] LAKHS IS
  HEREIN AFTER REFERRED TO AS THE “NET ISSUE”. THE ISSUE AND THE NET ISSUE SHALL CONSTITUTE
  26.93% AND 25.04%, RESPECTIVELY, OF THE POST-ISSUE PAID-UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL OF OUR
  COMPANY, RESPECTIVELY.
  *Subject to finalization of basis of allotment.
GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT FOR INVESTING IN PUBLIC ISSUES

This General Information Document highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public issues in accordance
with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (“SCRA”), the Securities Contracts
(Regulation) Rules, 1957 (“SCRR”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2018, as amended (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”). Bidders/ Applicants should not construe the contents of this General
Information Document as legal advice and should consult their own legal counsel and other advisors in relation to the legal
matters concerning the issue. For taking an investment decision, the Bidders/ Applicants should rely on their own examination of
the Company and the Issue, and should carefully read the Prospectus before investing in the Issue.

Important Note: This Initial Public Offer is being made in terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 (as
amended from time to time), under the Book Building mode and are proposed to be listed on the NSE Emerge (SME Platform
of NSE). Accordingly, the Investors are advised to refer to the particulars of this GID in context of Book Building Issue being
made under Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 (i.e. SME Segment) only.

GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT FOR INVESTING IN PUBLIC OFFERS
All Bidders should review the General Information Document for Investing in Public Issues prepared and issued in accordance with
the circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37) dated March 17, 2020 notified by SEBI and updated pursuant to the circular
(CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015) dated November 10, 2015 as amended and modified by the circular
(SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26)          dated     January     21,    2016,      and      SEBI      Circular    bearing     number
(SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/22) dated February 15, 2018 and Circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138) dated
November 01, 2018, notified by SEBI (“General Information Document”) and SEBI Circular No.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019, included below under Section “PART B – General Information
Document”, which highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public issues in general in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules,
1957 and the ICDR Regulations. The General Information Document is available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the
Book Running Lead Manager. Please refer to the relevant portions of the General Information Document which are applicable to
this Issue.
                                                                1
   The new frame work under the T+3 days listing will be as follows:

               Sequence of Activities                                      Listing within T+3 days (T is Issue Closing Date)
                                                            Electronic Applications (Online ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts) – "For Individual
                                                            Investors” - Upto 4 pm on T day.
                                                            Electronic Applications (Bank ASBA through Online channels like Internet
                                                            Banking, Mobile Banking and Syndicate UPI ASBA etc.) – Upto 4 pm on T day.
                                                            Electronic Applications (Syndicate Non-Individual, Non-Individual
 Application Submission by Investors                        Applications) – Up to 3 pm on T day.


                                                            Physical Applications (Bank ASBA) – Up to 1 pm on T day.
                                                            Physical Applications (Syndicate Non-Individual, Non-Individual Applications of
                                                            QIBs and NIIs) – Up to 12 pm on T day and Syndicate members shall transfer such
                                                            applications to banks before 1 pm on T day
 Bid Modification                                           From Issue opening date up to 4 pm on T day
 Validation of bid details with depositories                From Issue opening date up to 5 pm on T day
 Reconciliation of UPI mandate transactions (Based          On daily basis
 on the guidelines issued by NPCI from time to
 time):
 Among Stock Exchanges –Sponsor Banks – NPCI
 and NPCI – PSPs/TPAPs** – Issuer Banks;
 Reporting f o r m a t s of bid information, UPI
 analysis report and compliance timelines.                  Merchant Bankers to submit to SEBI, as and when sought.

 UPI Mandate acceptance time                                T day – 5 pm
 Issue Closure T day
                                                            T day - 4 pm for Individual Investor, QIB, NII and other reserved categories.
 Third party check on UPI applications                      On daily basis and to be completed before 9:30 AM on T+1 day.
 Third party check on Non- UPI applications                 On daily basis and to be completed before 1 pm on T+1 day.
 Submission of final certificates:
 -For UPI from Sponsor Bank                                 Before 09:30 pm on T day.
 -For Bank ASBA, from all SCSBs                             All SCSBs for Direct ASBA – Before 07:30 pm on T day Syndicate
 -For syndicate ASBA UPI ASBA                               Syndicate ASBA - Before 07:30 pm on T day
 Finalization of rejections and completion of basis         Before 6 pm on T+1 day.
 Approval of basis by Stock Exchange                        Before 9 pm on T+1 day.
 Issuance of fund transfer instructions in separate files
 for debit and unblock.
 For Bank ASBA and Online ASBA – To all                     Initiation not later than 09:30 am on T+2 day; Completion
 SCSBs                                                      before 2 pm on T+2 day for fund transfer; Completion
 For UPI ASBA – To Sponsor Bank                             before 4 pm on T+2 day for unblocking.
 Corporate action execution for credit of shares            Initiation before 2 pm on T+2 day
                                                            Completion before 6 pm on T+2 day
 Filing of listing application        with       Stock      Before 7:30 pm on T+2 day
 Exchanges and issuance of trading notice
 Publish allotment advertisement                            On website of Issuer, Merchant Banker and RTI - before 9 pm on T+2 day.
                                                            In newspapers – On T+3 day but not later than T+4 day
 Trading starts T+3 day                                     Trading starts T+3 day

All Designated Intermediaries in relation to the Issue should ensure compliance with the SEBI circular (CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015)
dated November 10, 2015, as amended and modified by the SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26) dated January 21, 2016 and
SEBI circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/22) dated February 15, 2018 and (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138) dated
November 1, 2018, in relation to clarifications on streamlining the process of public issue of equity shares and convertibles as amended
and modified by the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019 circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 June 28, 2019, circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 and circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019.
                                                                    2
Additionally, all Bidders may refer to the General Information Document for information, in addition to what is stated herein, in relation to
(i) category of Bidders eligible to participate in the Issue; (ii) maximum and minimum Application size; (iii) price discovery and allocation;
(iv) payment instructions for Bidders applying through ASBA process and Individual Investors applying through the United Payments
Interface channel; (v) issuance of Confirmation of Allocation Note (“CAN”) and Allotment in the Issue; (vi) general instructions
(limited to instructions for completing the Bid Cum Application Form); (vii) Designated Date; (viii) disposal of Applications; (ix) submission
of Bid Cum Application Form; (x) other instructions (limited to joint Applications in cases of individual, multiple Applications and instances
when an Application would be rejected on technical grounds); (xi) applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 relating to punishment
for fictitious Applications; (xii) mode of making refunds; and (xiii) interest in case of delay in Allotment or refund.

SEBI through its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018 read with its circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019,
has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface (UPI) and consequent reduction in timelines for
listing in a phased manner. From January 1, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for RIBs applying through Designated Intermediaries was made
effective along with the existing process and existing timeline of T+6 days. (“UPI Phase I”). The UPI Phase I was effective till June 30,
2019. With effect from July 1, 2019, with respect to Application by individual investors through Designated Intermediaries (other than
SCSBs), the existing process of physical movement of forms from such Designated Intermediaries to SCSBs for blocking of funds has been
discontinued and only the UPI Mechanism for such Bids with existing timeline of T+6 days will continue for a period of three months or
launch of five main board public issues, whichever is later (“UPI Phase II”). SEBI has vide its circular
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019 extended the timeline for implementation of Phase II till March 31, 2020. On
March 30, 2020 wide circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2 SEBI has further extended UPI Phase II timeline till further notice.
Furthermore, SEBI vide press release bearing number 12/2023 has approved the proposal for reducing the time period for listing of shares
in public issue from existing 6 working days to 3 working days from the date of the closure of the issue. The revised timeline of T+3 days
shall be made applicable in two phases i.e. voluntary for all public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023 and mandatory on or
after December 1, 2023. Further, SEBI has vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023 reduced the
time taken for listing of specified securities after the closure of a public issue to three Working Days. Accordingly, the Offer will be made
under UPI Phase III on a mandatory basis, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the SEBI from time to time.

The processing fees for applications made by Individual Investor using the UPI Mechanism may be released to the remitter banks (SCSBs)
only after such banks provide a written confirmation on compliance with SEBI Circular No: SEBI/ HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated
June 02, 2021 read with SEBI Circular No: SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/ P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021 and as amended pursuant
to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 April 20, 2022. Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75
dated May 30, 2022, applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public offerings (opening on or after September 1, 2022) shall be
processed only after application monies are blocked in the bank accounts of investors (all categories).

Merchant Banker shall be the nodal entity for any issues arising out of public issuance process.

In terms of regulation 244(5) and regulation 271 of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, the
timelines and processes mentioned in SEBI Circular. No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019 shall
continue to form part of the agreements being signed between the intermediaries involved in the public issuance process and lead
managers shall continue to coordinate with intermediaries involved in the said process. For delayed unblock applications, investor must
be compensated at a uniform rate of Rs.100/- per day for the entire duration of delay since ‘T+2’. Merchant banker will fix the liability
on the intermediary responsible for the delay in unblocking.




                                                                     3
                                                                        TABLE OF CONTENTS



SECTION 1: PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT ..................................................... 5

SECTION 2: BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO IPOs .................................................................................................... 6

SECTION 3: CATEGORY OF INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN AN ISSUE ............................... 9

SECTION 4: APPLYING IN THE ISSUE ...............................................................................................................10

SECTION 5: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN BOOK BUILT ISSUE ............................................................................... 33

SECTION 6: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN FIXED PRICE ISSUE................................................................................. 37

SECTION 7: ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT ........................................................ 38

SECTION 8: INTEREST AND REFUNDS… ........................................................................................................... 41

SECTION 9: GLOSSARY AND ABBREVIATIONS ................................................................................................ 44




                                                                                        4
                         SECTION 1: PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT (GID)

This document is applicable to the public issues undertaken through the Book-Building Process as well as to the Fixed Price Issue. The
purpose of the “General Information Document for Investing in Public Issues” is to provide general guidance to potential Bidders/
Applicants in IPOs and FPOs, and on the processes and procedures governing IPOs and FPOs, undertaken in accordance with the provisions
of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.

Bidders/ Applicants should note that investment in equity and equity related securities involves risk and Bidder/ Applicant should not
invest any funds in the issue unless they can afford to take the risk of losing their investment. The specific terms relating to securities and/or
for subscribing to securities in an Issue and the relevant information about the Issuer undertaking the Issue are set out in the Red Herring
Prospectus (“RHP”)/ Prospectus filed by the Issuer with the Registrar of Companies (“RoC”). Bidders/ Applicants should carefully read the
entire RHP/ Prospectus, the Bid cum Application Form/ Application Form and the Abridged Prospectus of the Issuer in which they are
proposing to invest through the Issue. In case of any difference in interpretation or conflict and/or overlap between the disclosure included in
this document and the RHP/Prospectus, the disclosures in the RHP/ Prospectus shall prevail. The RHP/ Prospectus of the Issuer is available
on the websites of stock exchanges, on the website(s) of the BRLM(s) to the Issue and on the website of Securities and Exchange Board
of India (“SEBI”) at www.sebi.gov.in.

For the definitions of capitalized terms and abbreviations used herein Bidders/ Applicants may refer to the section “Glossary and
Abbreviations”.




                                                                       5
                                         SECTION 2: BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO IPOs/ FPOs

2.1.   Initial public offer (IPO)

       An IPO means an offer of specified securities by an unlisted Issuer to the public for subscription and may include an Offer for
       Sale of specified securities to the public by any existing holder of such securities in an unlisted Issuer.

       For undertaking an IPO, an Issuer is inter-alia required to comply with the eligibility requirements of in terms of either Regulations
       228, 229 and 230 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. For details of compliance with the eligibility requirements by the Issuer,
       Bidders/Applicants may refer to the Prospectus.

2.2.   Further public offer (FPO)

       An FPO means an offer of specified securities by a listed Issuer to the public for subscription and may include Offer for Sale of
       specified securities to the public by any existing holder of such securities in a listed Issuer.

2.3.   Other Eligibility Requirements:

       An Issuer proposing to undertake an IPO or an FPO is required to comply with various other requirements as specified in the SEBI
       ICDR Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Companies Act, 2013 (to the extent notified and in effect), the SCRR, industry-
       specific regulations, if any, and other applicable laws for the time being in force.
       For details in relation to the above Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

2.4.   Types of Public Issues – Fixed Price Issues and Book Built Issues

       In accordance with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, an Issuer can either determine the Issue Price through the Book
       Building Process (“Book Built Issue”) or undertake a Fixed Price Issue (“Fixed Price Issue”). An Issuer may mention Floor Price
       or Price Band in the RHP (in case of a Book Built Issue) and a Price or Price Band in the Prospectus (in case of a fixed price Issue)
       and determine the price at a later date before registering the Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies.

       The cap on the Price Band should be less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price. The Issuer shall announce the Price or the Floor
       Price or the Price Band through advertisement in all newspapers in which the pre-issue advertisement was given at least two Working
       Days before the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, in case of an IPO and at least one Working Day before the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, in case
       of an FPO and determine the Issue Price at a later date before registering the Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies.

       The Floor Price or the Issue price cannot be lesser than the face value of the securities.

       Bidders/Applicants should refer to the RHP/Prospectus or Issue advertisements to check whether the Issue is a Book Built Issue or a
       Fixed Price Issue.

       The Present Issue is 100% Book Built Issue.


2.5.   ISSUE PERIOD

       The Issue shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days (for all categories of Bidders/Applicants) and not more than ten
       Working Days. Bidders/Applicants are advised to refer to the Bid cum Application Form and Abridged Prospectus or
       RHP/Prospectus for details of the Bid/ Issue Period. Details of Bid/ Issue Period are also available on the website of the Stock
       Exchange(s).

       In case of a Book Built Issue, the Issuer may close the Bid/ Issue Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/ Issue Closing
       Date if disclosures to that effect are made in the RHP. In case of revision in the Price Band in Book Built Issues the Bid/ Issue Period
       may be extended by at least three Working Days, subject to the total Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding ten Working Days. For details of
       any revision of the Price Band, Bidders/ Applicants may check the announcements made by the Issuer on the websites of the Stock
       Exchanges and the BRLM(s), and the advertisement in the newspaper(s) issued in this regard.

       In case of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, the Issuer may, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the
       bidding (Issue) period for a minimum period of one working day, subject to the total Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding 10 Working
       Days.

2.6.   FLOWCHART OF TIMELINES
       A flow chart of process flow in Fixed Price and Book Built Issues is as follows. Bidders/ Applicants may note that this is not
       applicable for Fast Track FPOs:

                                                                       6
                                                     Flow chart of timeline for Phase III




             Sequence of Activities                                    Listing within T+3 days (T is Issue Closing Date)
                                                         Electronic Applications (Online ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts) – "For Individual
                                                         Investors” - Upto 4 pm on T day.
                                                         Electronic Applications (Bank ASBA through Online channels like Internet
                                                         Banking, Mobile Banking and Syndicate UPI ASBA etc.) – Upto 4 pm on T day.
                                                         Electronic Applications (Syndicate Non-Individual, Non-Individual Applications) –
Application Submission by Investors                      Upto 3 pm on T day.


                                                         Physical Applications (Bank ASBA) – Upto 1 pm on T day.
                                                         Physical Applications (Syndicate Non-Individual, Non-Individual Applications of
                                                         QIBs and NIIs) – Upto 12 pm on T day and Syndicate members shall transfer such
                                                         applications to banks before 1 pm on T day
Bid Modification                                         From Issue opening date up to 4 pm on T day
Validation of bid details with depositories              From Issue opening date up to 5 pm on T day
Reconciliation of UPI mandate transactions (Based        On daily basis
on the guidelines issued by NPCI from time to
time):
Among Stock Exchanges –Sponsor Banks – NPCI
and NPCI – PSPs/TPAPs** – Issuer Banks;
Reporting formats of bid information, UPI
analysis report and compliance timelines.                Merchant Bankers to submit to SEBI, as and when sought.


UPI Mandate acceptance time                              T day – 5 pm
Issue Closure T day                                      4 pm for QIB and NII categories
                                                         T day – 4 pm for Individual and other reserved categories
Third party check on UPI applications                    On daily basis and to be completed before 9:30 AM on T+1 day.
Third party check on Non- UPI applications               On daily basis and to be completed before 1 pm on T+1 day.
Submission of final certificates:
-For UPI from Sponsor Bank                               Before 09:30 pm on T day.
-For Bank ASBA, from all SCSBs                           All SCSBs for Direct ASBA – Before 07:30 pm on T day Syndicate
-For syndicate ASBA UPI ASBA                             Syndicate ASBA - Before 07:30 pm on T day
Finalization of rejections and completion of basis       Before 6 pm on T+1 day.
Approval of basis by Stock Exchange                      Before 9 pm on T+1 day.




                                                                     7
  Issuance of fund transfer instructions in separate files
  for debit and unblock.
  For Bank ASBA and Online ASBA – To all                   Initiation not later than 09:30 am on T+2 day; Completion
  SCSBs                                                    before 2 pm on T+2 day for fund transfer; Completion
  For UPI ASBA – To Sponsor Bank                           before 4 pm on T+2 day for unblocking.
  Corporate action execution for credit of shares        Initiation before 2 pm on T+2 day
                                                         Completion before 6 pm on T+2 day
  Filing of listing application        with     Stock    Before 7:30 pm on T+2 day
  Exchanges and issuance of trading notice
  Publish allotment advertisement                        On website of Issuer, Merchant Banker and RTI - before 9 pm on T+2 day.
                                                         In newspapers – On T+3 day but not later than T+4 day
  Trading starts T+3 day                                 Trading starts T+3 day



In accordance with BSE Circular No: 20220803-40 and NSE Circular No: 25/2022, each dated August 3, 2022, for all pending UPI Mandate
Requests, the Sponsor Banks shall initiate requests for blocking of funds in the ASBA Accounts of relevant Bidders with a confirmation cut-
off time of 5:00 pm on the Bid/Issue Closing Date.




                                                                      8
                       SECTION 3: CATEGORY OF INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN AN ISSUE

Each Bidder/Applicant should check whether it is eligible to apply under applicable law. Furthermore, certain categories of
Bidders/Applicants, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to Bid/Apply in the Issue or to hold Equity Shares, in excess of
certain limits or in specific sectors as specified under applicable law. Bidders/Applicants are requested to refer to the RHP/Prospectus for
more details.

Subject to the above, an illustrative list of Bidders/Applicants is as follows:

•    Indian nationals’ resident in India who are not incompetent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, as amended, in single or as
     a joint application and minors having valid Demat account as per Demographic Details provided by the Depositories. Furthermore,
     based on the information provided by the Depositories, our Company shall have the right to accept the Applications belonging to
     an account for the benefit of minor (under guardianship);
•    Hindu Undivided Families or HUFs, in the individual name of the Karta. The Bidder should specify that the application is being made in
     the name of the HUF in the Bid Cum Application Form as follows: —Name of Sole or First Bidder: XYZ Hindu Undivided Family
     applying through XYZ, where XYZ is the name of the Karta. Applications by HUFs would be considered at par with those from
     individuals;
•    Companies, corporate bodies and societies registered under the applicable laws in India and authorized to invest in the Equity Shares
     under their respective constitutional and charter documents;
•    Mutual Funds registered with SEBI;
•    Eligible NRIs on a repatriation basis or on a non-repatriation basis, subject to applicable laws. NRIs other than Eligible NRIs are not
     eligible to participate in this Issue;
•    Indian Financial Institutions, scheduled commercial banks, regional rural banks, co-operative banks (subject to RBI permission, and the
     SEBI Regulations and other laws, as applicable);
•    FPIs other than Category III FPI; VCFs and FVCIs registered with SEBI;
•    Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs) registered in India and authorized to invest in equity shares;
•    Sub-accounts of FIIs registered with SEBI, which are foreign corporate or foreign individuals only under the Non-Institutional Bidder ‘s
     category;
•    Venture Capital Funds and Alternative Investment Fund (I) registered with SEBI; State Industrial Development Corporations;
•    Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with the SEBI;
•    Trusts/societies registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, as amended, or under any other law relating to Trusts and who are
     authorized under their constitution to hold and invest in equity shares;
•    Scientific and/or Industrial Research Organizations authorized to invest in equity shares;
•    Insurance Companies registered with Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority, India;
•    Provident Funds with minimum corpus of Rs. 25 Crores and who are authorized under their constitution to hold and invest in equity
     shares;
•    Pension Funds and Pension Funds with minimum corpus of Rs. 25 Crores and who are authorized under their constitution to hold
     and invest in equity shares;
•    National Investment Fund set up by Resolution no. F. No. 2/3/2005-DDII dated November 23, 2005 of Government of India
     published in the Gazette of India;
•    Multilateral and bilateral development financial institution;
•    Eligible QFIs;
•    Insurance funds set up and managed by army, navy or air force of the Union of India;
•    Insurance funds set up and managed by the Department of Posts, India;
•    Any other person eligible to apply in this Issue, under the laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and policies applicable to them.

Applications not to be made by:

1.   Minors (except through their Guardians)
2.   Partnership firms or their nominations
3.   Foreign Nationals (except NRIs)
4.   Overseas Corporate Bodies

As per the existing regulations, OCBs are not eligible to participate in this Issue. The RBI has however clarified in its
circular, A.P. (DIR Series) Circular No. 44, dated December 8, 2003 that OCBs which are incorporated and are not under the
adverse notice of the RBI are permitted to undertake fresh investments as 138 incorporated non-resident entities in terms of
Regulation 5(1) of RBI Notification No.20/2000-RB dated May 3, 2000 under FDI Scheme with the prior approval of Government
if the investment is through Government Route and with the prior approval of RBI if the investment is through Automatic Route on
case by case basis. OCBs may invest in this Issue provided it obtains a prior approval from the RBI. On submission of such approval
along with the Bid Cum Application Form, the OCB shall be eligible to be considered for share allocation.




                                                                        9
                                              SECTION 4: APPLYING IN THE ISSUE

   Book Built Issue: Bidders should only use the specified Bid cum Application Form bearing stamp of a Designated Intermediary as
   available or downloaded from the websites of the Stock Exchanges.

   Bid cum Application Forms are available with the Designated Intermediaries at the Bidding Centers and at the registered office of
   the Issuer. Electronic Bid cum Application Forms will be available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at least one day prior to
   the Bid/ Issue Opening Date. For further details regarding availability of Bid cum Application Forms, Bidders may refer to the
   RHP/Prospectus and advertisements in the newspaper(s). For Anchor Investors, Bid cum Application Forms shall be available at
   the offices of the BRLMs.

   Fixed Price Issue: Applicants should only use the specified Bid cum Application Form bearing the stamp of the Designated
   Intermediary as available or downloaded from the websites of the Stock Exchanges. Application Forms will also be available with
   the Designated Branches of the SCSBs and at the registered office of the Issuer. For further details regarding availability of
   Application Forms, Applicants may refer to the Prospectus.

   Bidders/Applicants should ensure that they apply in the appropriate category. The prescribed color of the Bid cum Application Form
   for various categories of Bidders/Applicants is as follows:

    Category                                                                                                      Colour
    Anchor Investor                                                                                               White
    Indian Public / eligible NRI's applying on a non-repatriation basis (ASBA)                                    White
    Non-Residents including eligible NRI's, FPI’s, FIIs, FVCIs, etc. applying on a repatriation basis (ASBA)       Blue
    Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion                                                 Pink
   Securities issued in an IPO can only be in dematerialized form in accordance with Section 29 of the Companies Act, 2013.
   Bidders/Applicants will not have the option of getting the Allotment of specified securities in physical form.

4.1. INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILLING THE BID CUM APPLICATION FORM/ APPLICATION FORM

   Bidders/Applicants may note that Bid cum Application Form not filled completely or correctly as per instructions provided in this
   GID, the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form are liable to be rejected.

   Instructions to fill each field of the Bid cum Application Form can be found on the reverse side of the Bid cum Application Form.

   The samples of the Bid cum Application Form for resident Bidders and the Bid cum Application Form for non-resident Bidders are
   reproduced below:




                                                                 10
Application Form – For Residents




                11
Specific instructions for filling various fields of the Resident Bid cum Application Form and Non-Resident Bid cum Application Form and
samples are provided below.
                                                 Application Form – For Non – Residents




                                                                     12
Application Form – For Eligible Employees




                13
  4.1.1. FIELD NUMBER 1: NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF THE SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT

(a)      Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the name provided in this field is exactly the same as the name in which the Depository
         Account is held.

(b)      Mandatory Fields: Bidders/Applicants should note that the name and address fields are compulsory and e-mail and/or
         telephone number/mobile number fields are optional. Bidders/Applicants should note that the contact details mentioned in
         the Bid-cum Application Form/Application Form may be used to dispatch communications (including letters notifying the
         unblocking of the bank accounts of Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) in case the communication sent to the address
         available with the Depositories are returned undelivered or are not available. The contact details provided in the Bid cum
         Application Form may be used by the Issuer, Designated Intermediaries and the Registrar to the Issue only for
         correspondence(s) related to an Issue and for no other purposes.

(c)      Joint Bids/Applications: In the case of Joint Bids/Applications, the Bids /Applications should be made in the name of the
         Bidder/Applicant whose name appears first in the Depository account. The name so entered should be the same as it appears
         in the Depository records. The signature of only such first Bidder/Applicant would be required in the Bid cum Application
         Form/ApplicationForm and such first Bidder/Applicant would be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint holders. All
         communications may be addressed to such first Bidder/Applicant and may be dispatched to his or her address as per the
         Demographic Details received from the Depositories.

(d)      Impersonation: Attention of the Bidders/Applicants is specifically drawn to the provisions of sub-section (1) of Section 38
         of the Companies Act, 2013 which is reproduced below:

         “Any person who:

(a)      makes or abets making of an application in a fictitious name to a company for acquiring, or subscribing for, its
         securities; or

(b)      makes or abets making of multiple applications to a company in different names or in different combinations of his name
         or surname for acquiring or subscribing for its securities; or

(c)      Otherwise induces directly or indirectly a company to allot, or register any transfer of, securities to him, or to any
         other person in a fictitious name, shall be liable for action under Section 447.”

         The liability prescribed under Section 447 of the Companies Act, 2013 includes imprisonment for a term which shall not be
         less than six months extending up to 10 years (provided that where the fraud involves public interest, such term shall not be
         less than three years) and fine of an amount not less than the amount involved in the fraud, extending up to three times of
         such amount.

(e)      Nomination Facility to Bidder/Applicant: Nomination facility is available in accordance with the provisions of Section 72
         of the Companies Act, 2013. For Allotment of the Equity Shares in dematerialized form, there will be no separate nomination
         as the nomination registered with the Depository may prevail. For changing nominations, the Bidders/Applicants should
         inform their respective DP.

4.1.2.   FIELD NUMBER 2: PAN OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT

(a)      PAN (of the sole/ first Bidder/Applicant) provided in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form should be exactly the
         same as the PAN of the person(s) in whose name the relevant beneficiary account is held as per the Depositories’ records.

(b)      PAN is the sole identification number for participants transacting in the securities market irrespective of the amount of
         transaction except for Bids/Applications on behalf of the Central or State Government, Bids/Applications by officials
         appointed by the courts and Bids/Applications by Bidders/Applicants residing in Sikkim (“PAN Exempted
         Bidders/Applicants”). Consequently, all Bidders/Applicants, other than the PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants, are required
         to disclose their PAN in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form, irrespective of the Bid/Application Amount. A
         Bid cum Application Form/Application Form without PAN, except in case of PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants, is liable
         to be rejected. Bids/Applications by the Bidders/Applicants whose PAN is not available as per the Demographic Details
         available in their Depository records, are liable to be rejected.

(c)      The exemption for the PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants is subject to (a) the Demographic Details received from the
         respective Depositories confirming the exemption granted to the beneficial owner by a suitable description in the PAN field
         and the beneficiary account remaining in “active status”; and (b) in the case of residents of Sikkim, the address as per the
         Demographic Details evidencing the same.


                                                                  14
(d)      Bid cum Application Forms/Application Forms which provide the General Index Register Number instead of PAN may be
         rejected.

(e)      Bids/Applications by Bidders whose demat accounts have been ‘suspended for credit’ are liable to be rejected pursuant to the
         circular issued by SEBI on July 29, 2010, bearing number CIR/MRD/DP/22/2010. Such accounts are classified as “Inactive
         demat accounts” and Demographic Details are not provided by depositories.

4.1.3.   FIELD NUMBER 3: BIDDERS/APPLICANTS DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS

(a)      Bidders/Applicants should ensure that DP ID and the Client ID are correctly filled in the Bid cum Application
         Form/Application Form. The DP ID and Client ID provided in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form should match
         with the DP ID and Client ID available in the Depository database, otherwise, the Bid cum Application Form/Application
         Form is liable to be rejected.

(b)      Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the beneficiary account provided in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form
         is active.

(c)      Bidders/Applicants should note that on the basis of the PAN, DP ID and Client ID as provided in the Bid cum Application
         Form/Application Form, the Bidder/Applicant may be deemed to have authorized the Depositories to provide to the Registrar
         to the Issue, any requested Demographic Details of the Bidder/Applicant as available on the records of the depositories. These
         Demographic Details may be used, among other things, for any correspondence(s) related to the Issue.

(d)      Bidders/Applicants are, advised to update any changes to their Demographic Details as available in the records of the
         Depository Participant to ensure accuracy of records. Any delay resulting from failure to update the Demographic Details
         would be at the Bidders/Applicants’ sole risk.

4.1.4.   FIELD NUMBER 4: BID OPTIONS

(a)      Price or Floor Price or Price Band, minimum Bid Lot and Discount (if applicable) may be disclosed in the Prospectus/RHP
         by the Issuer. The Issuer is required to announce the Floor Price or Price Band, minimum Bid Lot and Discount (if applicable)
         by way of an advertisement in at least one English, one Hindi and one regional newspaper, with wide circulation at the place
         wherethe Issuer’s registered office is situated, at least two Working Days before Bid/ Issue Opening Date in case of an IPO,
         and at least one Working Day before Bid/ Issue Opening Date in case of an FPO.

(b)      The Bidders may Bid at or above Floor Price or within the Price Band for IPOs /FPOs undertaken through the Book Building
         Process. In the case of Alternate Book Building Process for an FPO, the Bidders may Bid at Floor Price or any price above
         the Floor Price (For further details Bidders may refer to (Section 5.6 (e))

(c)      Cut-Off Price: Bidding at the Cut- off Price is prohibited for all category of investor and such Bids are liable to be rejected.

(d)      Minimum Application Value and Bid Lot: The Issuer in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager may decide
         the minimum number of Equity Shares for each Bid as prescribed under SEBI Regulations/Circulars. The minimum Bid Lot
         is accordingly determined by an Issuer on the basis of such minimum application value.

(e)      Allotment: The Allotment of specified securities to each II’s shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot, subject to availability
         of shares in the Individual Investor Category, and the remaining available shares, if any, shall be Allotted on a proportionate
         basis. For details of the minimum Bid Lot, Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus or the advertisement regarding the Price
         Band published by the Issuer.

4.1.4.1. Maximum and Minimum Bid Size

(a)      The Bidder may Bid for the desired number of Equity Shares at a specific price. Bids by Individual Investors and Individual
         Shareholders must be for such number of shares so as to ensure that the Bid Amount less Discount (as applicable), payable
         by the Bidder does exceed ₹ 200,000.

(b)      In case the Bid Amount exceeds two lots due to revision of the Bid or any other reason, the Bid may be considered for
         allocation under the Non-Institutional Category, with it not being eligible for Discount then such Bid may be rejected if it
         is at the Cut-off Price.

(c)      For NRIs, a Bid size of up to two lots may be considered under the Individual Investor Category for the purposes of allocation
         and a Bid Lot exceeding two lots may be considered under the Non-Institutional Category for the purposes of allocation.

(d)      Bids by QIBs and NIIs must be for such minimum number of shares such that the Bid Amount is for more than two lots and
         in multiples of such number of Equity Shares thereafter, as may be disclosed in the Bid cum Application Form and the
         RHP/Prospectus, or as advertised by the Issuer, as the case may be. None of the categories of Bidders are entitled to Bid at
         the Cut-off Price.

                                                                    15
(e)     Withdrawal and cancellation shall not be permissible for all Investors. Once a bid has been submitted by an Investor in the
        prescribed manner, it shall be considered final and binding. Investor will not have the option to revise the bid amount
        downwards or withdraw their bids after submission.

(f)     In case the Bid Amount reduces to two lots due to a revision of the Price Band, Bids by the Non- Institutional Investors
        who are eligible for allocation in the Individual Investor Category would be considered for allocation under the Individual
        Investor Category.

(g)     Individual Investors may revise or withdraw their bids until the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. QIBs and NII ‘s cannot withdraw or lower
        their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after bidding and all categories of investors are
        required to pay the Bid Amount upon submission of the Bid.

(h)     In case the Bid Amount reduces to ₹ 200,000 or less due to a revision of the Price Band, Bids by the Non-Institutional
        Investors who are eligible for allocation in the Individual investors category would be considered for allocation under the
        Individual investors category.

(i)     For Anchor Investors, if applicable, the Bid Amount shall be least ₹2 crores. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall
        be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the
        price at which allocation is being done to other Anchor Investors. However, with effect from December 1, 2025, pursuant
        to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) (Third Amendment)
        Regulations, 2025, of which, up to 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved in the following manner: (i)
        33.33% shall be available for allocation to domestic Mutual Funds; and (ii) 6.67% shall be available for allocation to life
        insurance companies and pension funds, in each case subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Anchor Investor
        Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription under clause (ii) above, the balance Equity Shares may be allocated to
        domestic Mutual Funds in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Bids by various schemes of a Mutual Fund shall
        be aggregated to determine the Bid Amount. A Bid cannot be submitted for more than 60% of the QIB portion under the
        Anchor Investor Portion. Anchor Investors cannot withdraw their Bids or lower the size of their Bids (in terms of quantity
        of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period and are required to pay the
        Bid Amount at the time of submission of the Bid. In case the Anchor Investor Allocation Price is lower than the Issue
        Price, the balance amount shall be payable as per the pay-in-date mentioned in the revised CAN. In case the Issue Price is
        lower than the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, the amount in excess of the Issue Price paid by the Anchor Investors shall
        not be refunded to them.

(j)     A Bid by QIB bidder cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size.

(k)     The maximum Bid by any Bidder including QIB Bidder should not exceed the investment limits prescribed for them under
        the applicable laws. It is clarified that, multiple Bids by a FPI Bidder utilizing the multi investment manager structure shall
        be aggregated for determining the permissible maximum Bid.

(l)     A Bid by NII bidder cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size excluding QIB portion. One-third of the portion
        available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots
        equivalent to not more than ₹10,00,000/-. Two-third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with
        an application size of more than ₹ 10,00,000/-

(m)     The price and quantity options submitted by the Bidder in the Bid cum Application Form may be treated as optional bids
        from the Bidder and may not be cumulated. After determination of the Issue Price, the number of Equity Shares Bid for by
        a Bidder at or above the Issue Price may be considered for Allotment and the rest of the Bid(s), irrespective of the Bid
        Amount may automatically become invalid. This is not applicable in case of FPOs undertaken through Alternate Book
        Building Process (For details of Bidders may refer to (Section 5.6 (e)).

4.1.4.2. Multiple Bids

(a)     Bidder should submit only one Bid cum Application Form. Bidder shall have the option to make a maximum of Bids
        at three different price levels in the Bid cum Application Form and such options are not considered as multiple Bids.

        Submission of a second Bid cum Application Form to either the same or to another Designated Intermediary and
        duplicate copies of Bid cum Application Forms bearing the same application number shall be treated as multiple Bids
        and are liable to be rejected.

(b)     Bidders are requested to note the following procedures may be followed by the Registrar to the Issue to detect multiple Bids:

i.      All Bids may be checked for common PAN as per the records of the Depository. For Bidders other than Mutual
        Funds and FPIs which utilise the multi investment manager structure of the same beneficial owner as provided under
        Regulation 20 (4)(d)(xiii) of the SEBI Foreign Portfolio Regulations, 2019, Bids bearing the same PAN may be
        treated as multiple Bids by a Bidder and may be rejected.

ii.     For Bids from Mutual Funds and FPIs that utilise the multi investment manager structure, submitted under the same

                                                                  16
                 PAN, as well as Bids on behalf of the PAN Exempted Bidders/ Applicants, the Bid cum Application Forms may be
                 checked for common DP ID and Client ID. Such Bids which have the same DP ID and Client ID may be treated as
                 multiple Bids and are liable to be rejected.

      (c)        The following Bids may not be treated as multiple Bids:

      i.         Bids by Eligible Employees and Individual Shareholders in their respective Reservation Portion as well as Bids made
                 by them in the Net Issue portion in the public category.

      ii.        Separate Bids by Mutual Funds in respect of more than one scheme of the Mutual Fund provided that the Bids clearly
                 indicate the scheme for which the Bid has been made.

      iii.       Bids by Mutual Funds submitted with the same PAN but with different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs and DP IDs.

      iv.        Bids by following FPIs, submitted with the same PAN but with different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs and DP IDs:

             •     FPIs which utilise the multi investment manager structure
             •     Offshore Derivative Instruments (ODI) which have obtained separate FPI registration for ODI and proprietary
                   derivative investments.

             •     Sub funds or separate class of investors with segregated portfolio who obtainseparate FPI registration.

             •     FPI registrations granted at investment strategy level/sub fund level where a Collective Investment Scheme or fund has
                   multiple investment strategies/sub- funds with identifiable differences and managed by a single investment manager.

             •     Multiple branches in different jurisdictions of foreign bank registered as FPIs.

             •     Government and Government related investors registered as Category 1 FPIs.

             •     Entities registered as Collective Investment Scheme having multiple shareclasses.

                   The bids belonging to the aforesaid seven structures and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single
                   bid in the bidding process. The shares allotted in the bid may be proportionately distributed to the applicant FPIs (with
                   same PAN).

v.           Bids by Anchor Investors under the Anchor Investor Portion and the QIB Category.

4.1.5.       FIELD NUMBER 5: CATEGORY OF BIDDERS

(a)          The categories of Bidders identified as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of Bidding, allocation and allotment
             in the Issue are II’s, NIIs and QIBs.

(b)          Up to 60% of the QIB Category can be allocated by the Issuer, on a discretionary basis subject to the criteria of minimum and
             maximum number of Anchor Investors based on allocation size, to the Anchor Investors, in accordance with SEBI ICDR
             Regulations, with one-third of the Anchor Investor Portion reserved for domestic Mutual Funds subject to valid Bids being
             received at or above the Issue Price. For details regarding allocation to Anchor Investors, Bidders may refer to the
             RHP/Prospectus. However, with effect from December 1, 2025, pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue
             of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) (Third Amendment) Regulations, 2025, of which, up to 40% of the Anchor Investor
             Portion shall be reserved in the following manner, 40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved as follows: (i) 33.33%
             shall be available for allocation to domestic Mutual Funds; and (ii) 6.67% shall be available for allocation to life insurance
             companies and pension funds, in each case subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation
             Price. In the event of under-subscription under clause (ii) above, the balance Equity Shares may be allocated to domestic
             Mutual Funds in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

(c)          An Issuer can make reservation for certain categories of Bidders/Applicants as permitted under theSEBI ICDR Regulations.
             For details of any reservations made in the Issue, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

(d)          The SEBI ICDR Regulations, specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of Bidders in an
             Issue depending upon compliance with the eligibility conditions. Details pertaining to allocation are disclosed on reverse side
             of the Revision Form. For Issue specific details in relation to allocation Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

4.1.6.       FIELD NUMBER 6: INVESTOR/BIDDER STATUS

(a)          Each Bidder/Applicant should check whether it is eligible to apply under applicable law and ensure that any prospective
                                                                         17
         Allotment to it in the Issue is in compliance with the investment restrictions under applicable law.

(b)      Certain categories of Bidders/Applicants, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to Bid/Apply in the Issue or
         hold Equity Shares exceeding certain limits specified under applicable law. Bidders/Applicants are requested to refer to the
         RHP/Prospectus for more details.

(c)      Bidders/Applicants should check whether they are eligible to apply on non-repatriation basis or repatriation basis and should
         accordingly provide the investor status. Details regarding investor status are different in the Resident Bid cum Application
         Form and Non-Resident Bid cum Application Form.

(d)      Bidders/Applicants should ensure that their investor status is updated in the Depository records.


4.1.7.   FIELD NUMBER 7: PAYMENT DETAILS
  (a)      Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in this field. In case the Bidder
           doesn’t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the application would be rejected. For
           application submitted by Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹5,00,000) to Designated
           Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) providing
           both, the ASBA Bank account details as well as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the
           application. NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant
           Bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.
  (b)      The full Bid Amount (net of any Discount, as applicable) shall be blocked based on the authorization provided in the
           Bid cum Application Form. If the Discount is applicable in the Issue, the Induvial Investors and Individual Shareholders
           and Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion (if any) should indicate the full Bid Amount in the Bid
           cum Application Form and the payment shall be blocked for the Bid Amount net of Discount. Only in cases where the
           RHP/Prospectus indicates that part payment may be made, such an option can be exercised by the Bidder. In case of
           Bidders specifying more than one Bid Option in the Bid cum Application Form, the total Bid Amount may be calculated
           for the highest of three options at net price, i.e. Bid price less Discount Offered, if any.
  (c)      All QIB and NII Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) can participate in the Issue only through the ASBA mechanism
  (d)      Individual Investors submitting their applications through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) can
           participate in the Issue only through the UPI mechanism, using their UPI ID linked with their bank account. Individual
           Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism shall
           ensure that the name of the bank, with which the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000)
           maintains his account, appears in the list of SCSBs displayed on the SEBI website, which are live on UPI. IIs/ NIIs
           (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) shall also ensure that the name of the mobile application and the UPI
           handle being used for making the application in the Issue are also appearing in the “list of mobile applications for using
           UPI in public issues” displayed on the SEBI website. NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are
           advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their account is UPI linked, prior to making such application
           through Channel III.
  (e)      Bid Amount cannot be paid in cash, cheque, demand draft, through money order or through postal order.
  (f)      Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all individual bidders in initial public
           Issuing’s (opening on or after May 1, 2022) whose application sizes are up to ₹ 5 lakhs shall use the UPI Mechanism.
  (g)      In case of ASBA Bidders (other than 3-in-1 Bids) for a Bid above ₹ 500,000, ensure that the Bid is uploaded only by the SCSBs

4.1.7.1. Instructions for Anchor Investors:

(a)      Anchor Investors shall submit their Bids only with any of the BRLMs to the Issue.

(b)      Payments should be made either by direct credit, RTGS, NACH or NEFT.

(c)      The Anchor Escrow Bank(s) shall maintain the monies in the Anchor Escrow Account for and on behalf of the Anchor
         Investors until the Designated Date.

(d)      Anchor Investors are advised to provide the number of the Anchor Investor and PAN on the Application Form.


4.1.7.2. Payment instructions for Bidders (other than Anchor Investors)
(a)      Individual Investors/ NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding through Designated Intermediaries should
         note that with the introduction of UPI as a payment mechanism, there are three channels of making applications in public
         issues available to them in UPI Phase II (i.e., from July 1, 2019 until further notice). The three channels for making
         applications in public offers available to Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries are as follows:
                                                                    18
                   Channel I                                       Channel II                               Channel III
 Individual Investor/ NIIs (NII having           Individual Investors/ NIIs (NII having         Individual Investors/ NIIs (NII
 application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) may           application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) may submit   having application size upto ₹
 submit the Bid cum Application Form with        the Bid cum Application Form online            5,00,000) may submit the Bid cum
 ASBA as the sole mechanism for making           using the facility of linked online trading,   Application Form with any of the
 payment either physically (at the branch of     demat and bank account (3-in-1type             Designated Intermediaries (other
 the SCSB) or online.                            accounts) provided by some of the              than SCSBs) and use his/her UPI
 For such applications the existing process of   brokers.                                       ID for the purpose of blocking of
 uploading the bid and blocking of funds in                                                     funds.
 the IIs/ NIIs (NII having application size
 upto ₹ 5,00,000) account by the SCSB
 would continue.
Individual Investors/ NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding in the Issue through UPI shall make such
applications only through the SCSBs/mobile applications whose name appears on the SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in at the
following path:
Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » Self Certified Syndicate Banks eligible as
Issuer Banks for UPI
Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » list of mobile applications for using UPI
in public issues
Individual Investors / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) whose bank is not live on UPI may use the other alternate
channels available to them, i.e., submission of application form with SCSB (Channel I) or using the facility of linked online trading,
demat and bank account (Channel II).
NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their account is UPI
linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.
For UPI Phase III, Individual Investors / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) will also have the option to use the same
channels (as described above) for making applications in a public offer.
Please see below a graphical illustrative process of the investor receiving and approving the UPI Mandate Request.

                        ILLUSTRATIVE SMS                                      BLOCK REQUEST SMS TO INVESTOR




                                                                 19
BLOCK REQUEST INTIMATION THROUGH UPI
                                             BLOCK REQUEST SMS TO INVESTOR
             APPLICATION




 SAMPLE OF IPO DETAILS IN ATTACHMENT        POST VERIFICATION OF DETAILS ABOVE




        PRE-CONFIRMATION PAGE                        ENTERING OF UPI PIN




                                       20
                         APPROVED MANDATES VISIBLE IN UPI
CONFIRMATION PAGE                  APPLICATION




                    21
                                                                      BLOCK CONFIRMATION APPLICATION
          BLOCK CONFIRMATION SMS TO INVESTOR
                                                                               INTIMATION




(b)   QIB and NII Bidders may submit the Bid cum Application Form either

i.    to SCSBs in physical or electronic mode through the internet banking facility offered by an SCSB authorizing
      blocking of funds that are available in the ASBA account specified in the Bid cum Application Form, or

ii.   in physical mode to any Designated Intermediary.

(c)   Bidders must specify the Bank Account number or the UPI ID [for Individual Investors / NIIs (NII having
      application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding using the UPI mechanism], as applicable, in the Bid cum Application
      Form. The Bid cum Application Form submitted by a Bidder and which is accompanied by cash, demand draft,
      cheque, money order, postal order or any mode of payment other than blocked amounts in the ASBA Account,
      may not be accepted.

(d)   Bidders should note that application made using third party UPI ID or ASBA Account is liable to be rejected.

(e)   NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their
      account is UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.

(f)   Bidders shall note that for the purpose of blocking funds under ASBA facility clearly demarcated funds shall be
      available in the ASBA Account.

(g)   Bidders [other than Individual Investors/ NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding through the
      non-UPI mechanism] should submit the Bid cum Application Form only at the Bidding Centers, i.e. to the
      respective member of the Syndicate at the Specified Locations, the SCSBs, the Registered Broker at the Broker
      Centres, the CRTA at the Designated RTA Locations or CDP at the Designated CDP Locations. Individual
      Investors / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding through the non-UPI mechanism should
      either submit the physical Bid cum Application Form with the SCSBs or Designated Branches of SCSBs under
      Channel I or submit the Bid cum Application Form online using the facility of 3-in1 type accounts under Channel II.

(h)   Bidders [other than Individual Investors/ NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bidding through the
      non-UPI mechanism] bidding through Designated Intermediaries other than a SCSB, should note that ASBA
      Forms submitted to such Designated Intermediary may not be accepted, if the SCSB where the ASBA Account, as
      specified in the Bid cum Application Form, is maintained has not named at least one branch at that location for
      such Designated Intermediary, to deposit ASBA Forms.

(i)   Bidders bidding directly through the SCSBs should ensure that the Bid cum Application Form is submitted to a
      Designated Branch of a SCSB where the ASBA Account is maintained.

(j)   Upon receipt of the Bid cum Application Form, the Designated Branch of the SCSB may verify if sufficient funds
      equal to the Bid Amount are available in the ASBA Account, as mentioned in theBid cum Application Form.




                                                          22
 (k)   If sufficient funds are available in the ASBA Account, the SCSB may block an amount equivalent to the Bid Amount
       mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form and for application directly submitted to SCSB by investor, may enter
       each Bid option into the electronic bidding system as a separate Bid.
(l)    If sufficient funds are not available in the ASBA Account, the Designated Branch of the SCSB may not upload such
       Bids on the Stock Exchange platform and such bids are liable to be rejected.
(m)    Upon submission of a completed Bid cum Application Form each Bidder [not being an Individual Investor/ NII (NII
       having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) who has opted for the UPI mechanism and provided a UPI ID with the Bid
       cum Application Form] may be deemed to have agreed to block the entire Bid Amount and authorized the
       Designated Branch of the SCSB to block the Bid Amount specified in the Bid cum Application Form in the ASBA
       Account maintained with the SCSBs. For details regarding blocking of Bid Amount for Individual Investors/ NIIs
       (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) who have provided a UPI ID with the Application Form please refer to
       paragraph 4.1.7.4.
(n)    The Bid Amount may remain blocked in the aforesaid ASBA Account until finalization of the Basis of Allotment
        and consequent transfer of the Bid Amount against the Allotted Equity Sharesto the Public Issue Account, or until
        withdrawal or failure of the Issue, or until withdrawal or rejection of the Bid, as the case may be.
(o)    SCSBs bidding in the Issue must apply through an Account maintained with any other SCSB; else their Bids are
        liable to be rejected.

 4.1.7.3. Unblocking of ASBA Account

(a)    Once the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Registrar to the Issue may provide
       the following details to the controlling branches of each SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, along with
       instructions to unblock the relevant ASBA Accounts and for successful applications transfer the requisite money to
       the Public Issue Account designated for this purpose, within the specified timelines: (i) the number of Equity
       Shares to be Allotted against each Bid, (ii) the amount to be transferred from the relevant ASBA Account to the
       Public Issue Account, for each Bid, (iii) the date by which funds referred to in(ii) above may be transferred to the
       Public Issue Account, (iv) the amount to be unblocked, if any in case of partial allotments and (v) details of rejected
       ASBA Bids, if any, along with reasons for rejection and details of withdrawn or unsuccessful Bids, if any, to enable
       the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, to unblock the respective ASBA Accounts.

(b)    On the basis of instructions from the Registrar to the Issue, the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as thecase may be, may
       transfer the requisite amount against each successful Bidder to the Public Issue Account and may unblock the
       excess amount, if any, in the ASBA Account.

(c)    In the event of withdrawal or rejection of the Bid cum Application Form and for unsuccessful Bids, the Registrar to
       the Issue may give instructions to the SCSB or to the Sponsor Bank to revoke the mandate and, as the case may be,
       to unblock the Bid Amount in the relevant account within two Working Days of the Bid/Issue Closing Date.

 4.1.7.4. Additional Payment Instructions for II’s bidding through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs)
          using the UPI mechanism

(a)    Before submission of the application form with the Designated Intermediary, an Individual Investor / NIIs (NII
       having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) shall download the mobile application, associated with the UPI ID linked
       bank account, for UPI and create a UPI ID (xyz@bankname) of not more than 45 characters with its bank and link
       it to his/ her bank account where the funds equivalent to the application amount is available. Individual Investors
       shall also ensure that the name of the mobile application and the UPI handle being used for making the application
       in the Issue are appearing in the following path on SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in:

       Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognized Intermediaries » list of mobile applications
       for using UPI in public issues

       It is clarified that if a II’s makes an application through a UPI handle not covered in the prescribed list (as
       mentioned in the path above), such an application is liable to be rejected.

(b)    Individual Investors / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) shall ensure that the bank, with which it
       has its bank account, where the funds equivalent to the application amount is available for blocking has been
       notified as Issuer Banks for UPI. A list of such banks is available at the following path on SEBI website –
       www.sebi.gov.in:

       Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognized Intermediaries » Self-Certified Syndicate
       Banks eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI



                                                             23
        It is clarified that if an Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) makes an application
        using a bank account of an SCSB or bank which is not covered in the prescribed list (as mentioned in the path
        above), such an application is liable to be rejected.

 (c)    Individual Investors / NIIs (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) shall mention his / her UPI ID along with
        the bid details in the Bid cum Application Form in capital letters and submit the Bid cum Application Form to any of
        the Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs). It is clarified that if an Individual Investor / NII (NII having
        application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) submits a third-party UPI ID instead of his/her own UPI ID in the Bid cum
        Application Form, the application is liable to be rejected.
(d)    The Designated Intermediary (other than SCSBs) upon receipt of the Bid cum Application Form will upload the bid details
       along with UPI ID in the stock exchange bidding platform.

(e)    Once the bid has been entered into the Stock Exchange bidding platform, the stock exchange will validate the PAN and
       Demat Account details of the Individual Investor/ NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) with the Depository.
       The Depository will validate the aforesaid details on a real time basis and send a response to the stock exchange which will
       be shared by the stock exchange with the respective Designated Intermediary through its bidding platform, for corrections,
       if any.

(f)    Once the bid details have been validated by the Depository, the stock exchange will, on a continuous basis, electronically
       share the bid details along with the UPI ID of the concerned II’s with the Sponsor Bank appointed by the Issuer.

(g)    The Sponsor Bank will validate the UPI ID of the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000)
       before initiating the Mandate request.

(h)    The Sponsor Bank after validating the UPI ID will initiate a UPI Mandate Request for valid UPIID on the Individual
       Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) which will be electronically received by the Individual Investor/
       NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) as an SMS/ intimation on his/ her mobile number/ mobile app associated
       with the UPI ID linked account. The Individual Investor/ NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) shall ensure
       that the details of the Bid are correct by opening the attachment in the UPI Mandate Request and then proceed to authorize
       the UPI Mandate Request using his/her UPI PIN. Upon the authorization of the mandate using his/her UPI PIN, an
       Individual Investor/ a NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) may be deemed to have verified the attachment
       containing the application details of the Individual Investor/ NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) in the UPI
       Mandate Request and have agreed to block the entire Bid Amount mentioned in the Bid Cum Application Form and
       subsequent debit in case of Allotment.

(i)    Upon successful validation of the block request by the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹
       5,00,000), the said information would be electronically received by the Individual Investor’s / NII’s (NII having application
       size upto ₹ 5,00,000) bank, where the funds, equivalent to the application amount would get blocked in the ASBA Account
       of the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000). Intimation regarding confirmation of such
       blocking of funds in the ASBA Account of the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000)
       would also be received by the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000). Information on the
       Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) status request would be shared with the Sponsor
       Bank which in turn would share it with the stock exchange which in turn would share it with the Registrar in the form of a
       file for the purpose of reconciliation and display it on the stock exchange bidding platform for the information of the
       Designated Intermediary.

(j)    In accordance with BSE Circular No: 20220803-40 and NSE Circular No: 25/2022, each dated August 3, 2022, for all
         pending UPI Mandate Requests, the Sponsor Banks shall initiate requests for blocking of funds in the ASBA Accounts
         of relevant Bidders with a confirmation cut-off time of 5:00 pm on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date (“Cut-Off Time”).
         Accordingly, UPI Bidders should accept UPI Mandate Requests for blocking off funds prior to the Cut- off Time and all
         pending UPI Mandate Requests at the Cut-Off Time shall lapse.

(k)    Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) may continue to modify upward the Bid till the
       closure of the Bidding Period. For each modification of the Bid, the Individual Investor / NII (NII having application size
       upto ₹ 5,00,000) will submit a revised Bid and will receive a UPI Mandate Request from the Sponsor Bank to be validated
       as per the process indicated above

(l)    Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) to check the correctness of the details on the
       mandate received before approving the Mandate Request

(m)    Post closure of the Issue, the stock exchange will share the Bid details with the Registrar along with the final file received
       from the Sponsor Bank containing status of blocked funds or otherwise, along with the ASBA Account details with respect
       to applications made by II’s using UPI ID.



                                                                    24
4.1.7.5. Discount (if applicable)

(a)     The Discount is stated in absolute rupee terms.
(b)     Bidders applying under Individual Investor Category, Individual Shareholder and Employees under Employee Reservation
        Portion are only eligible for discount. For Discounts offered in the Issue, Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.
(c)     The Bidders entitled to the applicable Discount in the Issue may block their ASBA Account for an amount i.e. the Bid
        Amount less Discount (if applicable).
(d)     Bidder (other than employees) may note that in case the net amount blocked (post Discount) is more than two lakh Rupees,
        the Bidding system automatically considers such applications for allocation under Non- Institutional Category. These
        applications are neither eligible for Discount nor fall under Individual Investor Category.

 4.1.8. FIELD NUMBER 8: SIGNATURES AND OTHER AUTHORISATIONS

(a)     Only the First Bidder/Applicant is required to sign the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form. Bidders/Applicants
        should ensure that signatures are in one of the languages specified in the Eighth Schedule to the Constitution of India.
(b)      The signature has to be correctly affixed in the authorization/undertaking box in the Bid cum Application Form/Application
         Form, or an authorisation has to be provided to the SCSB or using the UPI to the Sponsor Bank, via the electronic mode,
         for blocking funds in the ASBA Account equivalent to the Bid Amount mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/
         Application Form.

(c)      Bidders/ Applicants must note that Bid cum Application Form/Application Form without signature of Bidder/ Applicant
         and /or ASBA Account holder is liable to be rejected.

     4.1.9. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND FUTURE COMMUNICATION

(a)      Bidders should ensure that they receive the Acknowledgment slip or the acknowledgement number duly signed and
         stamped by a Designated Intermediary, as applicable, for submission of the Bid cum Application Form.

(b)      All communications in connection with Bids/Applications made in the Issue should be addressed as under:

i.       In case of queries related to Allotment, non-receipt of Allotment Advice, credit of Allotted Equity Shares, unblocking of
         funds, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the Registrar to the Issue.

ii.      In case of Bids submitted to the Designated Branches of the SCSBs, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the relevant
         Designated Branch of the SCSB.

iii.     In case of queries relating to uploading of Syndicate ASBA Bids, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the relevant
         Syndicate Member.

iv.      In case of queries relating to uploading of Bids by a Designated Intermediary, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the
         relevant Designated Intermediary.

v.       In case of queries relating to uploading of Bids through the UPI Mechanism, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the
         Designated Intermediary/BRLM.

vi.      Bidder/Applicant may contact the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer or BRLM(s) in case of any other complaints
         in relation to the Issue.

(c)      The following details (as applicable) should be quoted while making any queries –

i.       full name of the sole or First Bidder/Applicant, Bid cum Application Form number, Applicants’/Bidders’ DP ID, Client
         ID, PAN, number of Equity Shares applied for, amount paid on application.

ii.      name and address of the Designated Intermediary, where the Bid was submitted along with the acknowledgment slip from
         Designated Intermediary or

iii.     Bids, ASBA Account number or the UPI ID (for II’s who make the payment of Bid Amount through the UPI mechanism)
         linked to the ASBA Account where the Bid Amount was blocked.

         For further details, Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form.



                                                                  25
4.2.   INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING THE REVISION FORM

 (a)   During the Bid/Issue Period, any Bidder/Applicant (other than QIBs and NIIs, who can only revise their bid upwards) who
       has registered his or her interest in the Equity Shares at a particular price level is free to revise his or her Bid within the
       Price Band using the Revision Form, which is a part of the Bid cum Application Form.

 (b)   None of the Investor can revise their Bids or withdraw their bids.
 (c)   Revisions can be made in both the desired number of Equity Shares and the Bid Amount by using the Revision Form.
 (d)   The Bidder/Applicant can make this revision any number of times during the Bid/ Issue Period. However, for any
       revision(s) in the Bid, the Bidders/Applicants will have to use the services of the same Designated Intermediary through
       which such Bidder/Applicant had placed the original Bid. It is clarified that Individual Investors / NII (NII having
       application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) whose original Bid is made using the UPI mechanism can make revision(s) to their Bid
       using the UPI mechanism only, whereby each time the Sponsor Bank will initiate a new UPI Mandate Request.
       Bidders/Applicants are advised to retain copies of the blank Revision Form and the Bid(s) must be made only in such
       Revision Form or copies thereof.




                                                                26
Instructions to fill each field of the Revision Form can be found on the reverse side of the Revision Form. Other than instructions
already highlighted at paragraph 4.1 above, point wise instructions regarding filling up various fields of the Revision Form are provided
below:




                                                                  27
28
29
4.2.1. FIELDS 1, 2 AND 3: NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE/ FIRST BIDDER/ APPLICANT, PAN OF
       SOLE/ FIRST BIDDER/ APPLICANT & DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS OF THE BIDDER/ APPLICANT

    Bidders/Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3.

4.2.2. FIELD 4 & 5: BID OPTIONS REVISION ‘FROM’ AND ‘TO’

    (a)    Apart from mentioning the revised options in the Revision Form, the Bidder/Applicant must also mention the details
           of all the bid options given in his or her Bid cum Application Form or earlier Revision Form. For example, if a
           Bidder/Applicant has Bid for three options in the Bid cum Application Form and such Bidder/Applicant is changing
           only one of the options in the Revision Form, the Bidder/Applicant must still fill the details of the other two options
           that are not being revised, in the Revision Form. The Designated Intermediaries may not accept incomplete or
           inaccurate Revision Forms.

    (b)    In case of revision, Bid options should be provided by Bidders/Applicants in the same order as provided in the Bid
           cum Application Form.

    (c)    In case of revision of Bids by Individual Investors and Individual Shareholders, such Bidders/Applicants should
           ensure that the BidSize is more than 2 lots. . In case the Bid Amount exceeds two lots due to revision of the Bid or for
           any other reason, the Bid may be considered, subject to eligibility, for allocation under the Non-Institutional Category,
           not being eligible for Discount (if applicable) and such Bid may be rejected if it is at the Cut- off Price.

    (d)    In case of revision of Bids by Employees, such Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the Bid Amount, subsequent to
           revision, does not exceed ₹ 500,000.

    4.2.3. FIELD 6: PAYMENT DETAILS

    (a)    All Bidders/Applicants are required to authorize blocking of the full Bid Amount (less Discount (if applicable) at the
           time of submitting the Bid Revision Form. In case of Bidders/Applicants specifying more than one Bid Option in the
           Bid cum Application Form, the total Bid Amount may be calculated for the highest of three options at net price, i.e.
           Bid price less discount offered, if any.

    (b)    Bidder/Applicant may issue instructions to block the revised amount based on cap of the revised Price Band (adjusted
           for the Discount (if applicable) in the ASBA Account, to the same Designated Intermediary through whom such
           Bidder/Applicant had placed the original Bid to enable the relevant SCSB to block the additional Bid Amount, if any.

    4.2.4. FIELD 7 : SIGNATURES AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

    Bidders/Applicants may refer to instructions contained at paragraphs 4.1.8 and 4.1.9 for this purpose.

    4.3.   INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING APPLICATION FORM IN ISSUES MADE OTHER THAN THROUGH
           THE BOOK BUILDING PROCESS (FIXED PRICE ISSUE)

    4.3.1. FIELDS 1, 2, 3 NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT, PAN OF
           SOLE/FIRST     BIDDER/APPLICANT &  DEPOSITORY    ACCOUNT    DETAILS   OF   THE
           BIDDER/APPLICANT

    Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3.

    4.3.2. FIELD 4: PRICE, APPLICATION QUANTITY & AMOUNT

    (a)    The Issuer may mention Price or Price Band in the Red Herring Prospectus. However, a prospectus registered with
           RoC contains one price or coupon rate (as applicable).

    (b)    Minimum Application Value and Bid Lot: The Issuer in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager to the
           Issue (BRLM) may decide the minimum number of Equity Shares for each Bid to ensure that the minimum
           application value is within the range as prescribed under SEBI circulars/regulations. The minimum Lot size is
           accordingly determined by an Issuer on basis of such minimum application value.

    (c)    Applications by II’s and Individual Shareholders, must be for such number of shares so as to ensure that the
           applications more than 2 lots.

    (d)    Applications by Employees must be for such number of shares that the application amount payable less Discount (as
           applicable) does not exceed ₹ 500,000.
                                                                   30
(e)    Applications by other investors must be for such minimum number of shares such that the application exceeds 2 lots
       and in multiples of such number of Equity Shares thereafter, as may be disclosed in the application form and the
       Prospectus, or as advertised by the Issuer, as the case may be.
(f)   An application cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size.

(g)   The maximum application by any Applicant should not exceed the investment limits prescribed for them under the
      applicable laws.

(h)   Multiple Applications: An Applicant should submit only one Application Form. Submission of a second Application
      Form to either the same or other SCSB and duplicate copies of Application Forms bearing the same application
      number shall be treated as multiple applications and are liable to be rejected.

(i)   For details regarding the procedures to be followed by the Registrar to detect multiple applications. Applicants
      should refer to paragraphs 4.1.4.2(b) and 4.1.4.2(c).

4.3.3. FIELD NUMBER 5: CATEGORY OF APPLICANTS

(a)   The categories of applicants identified as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of Bidding, allocation and
      Allotment in the Issue are Individual Investors, individual applicants other than Individual Investor’s and other
      investors (including corporate bodies or institutions, irrespective of the number of specified securities applied for).

(b)   An Issuer can make reservation for certain categories of Applicants permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For
      details of any reservations made in the Issue, applicants may refer to the Red Herring Prospectus

(c)   The SEBI ICDR Regulations specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of applicants
      in an Issue depending upon compliance with the eligibility conditions. Details pertaining to allocation are disclosed on
      reverse side of the Revision Form. For Issue specific details in relation to allocation applicant may refer to the
      Prospectus.

4.3.4. FIELD NUMBER 6: INVESTOR STATUS

Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.6.

4.3.5. FIELD 7: PAYMENT DETAILS

(a)   Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in this field. Incase the Bidder
      doesn’t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the application would be rejected. For
      application submitted to Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Bidder providing both the ASBA Bank
      account details as well as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application.

(b)   All Applicants (other than Anchor Investors) are required to make use of ASBA for applying in the Issue.

(c)   Individual Investors / NII (NII having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) applying through Designated Intermediaries
      (other than SCSBs) may make use of the UPI mechanism for applying in the Issue. If Individual Investors / NII (NII
      having application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) are applying in the Issue through non-UPI mechanism, then it shall either
      submit physical Bid cum Application Form with the SCSBs or the Designated Branches of the SCSBs under Channel I
      or submit the Bid cum Application Form online using the facility of 3-in1 type accounts under Channel II.

(d)   Application Amount cannot be paid in cash, cheques or demand drafts through money order or through postal order or
      through stock invest.

(e)   Applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public offerings (opening on or after September 1, 2022) shall be
      processed only after application monies are blocked in the bank accounts of investors (all categories).

4.3.5.1. Payment instructions for Applicants

Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.7.2.

4.3.5.2. Unblocking of ASBA Account

Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.3.



                                                               31
       4.3.5.3. Additional Payment Instructions for II’s bidding through Designated Intermediaries using the UPI mechanism

       Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.4.

       4.3.5.4. Discount (if applicable)

       Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.5.

4.3.6. FIELD NUMBER 8: SIGNATURES AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS & ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND FUTURE
       COMMUNICATION

Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.8 & 4.1.9.

4.4.     SUBMISSION OF BID CUM APPLICATION FORM/ REVISION FORM/APPLICATIONFORM

4.4.1. Bidders/Applicants may submit completed Bid-cum-application form/Revision Form in the following manner: -

       Mode of Application                                          Submission of Bid cum Application Form
 (a) Anchor Investors Application          To one of the Book Running Lead Managers at the Specified Locations mentioned in the Bid cum
        Form                               Application Form
 (b) Applications from QIB’s and           To members of the Syndicate in the Specified Locations or Registered Brokers at the Broker
        NIIs                               Centres or the CRTAs at the Designated RTA Locations or the CDPs at the Designated CDP
                                           Locations; and To the Designated Branches of the SCSBs where the ASBA Account is maintained

 (c)       Applications from II’s          (a) To members of the Syndicate in the Specified Locations or Registered Brokers
 (d)       applying    through UPI         at the Broker Centres or the CRTAs at the Designated RTA Locations or the CDPs at the
           mechanism                       Designated CDP Locations; and
 (e)       Applications         from       To the Designated Branches of the SCSBs where the ASBA Account is maintained
           II’s applying      through      To the Brokers providing the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3-in-1
             non- UPI mechanism            type accounts) online


(a)      Bidders/Applicants should submit the Revision Form to the same Designated Intermediary through which such Bidder/Applicant had
         submitted the original Bid.

(b)      Upon submission of the Bid-cum-Application Form, the Bidder/Applicant will be deemed to have authorized the Issuer to make the
         necessary changes in the RHP and the Bid cum Application Form as would be required for filing Prospectus with the Registrar of
         Companies (RoC) and as would be required by the RoC after such filing, without prior or subsequent notice of such changes to the
         relevant Bidder/Applicant.

(c)      Upon determination of the Issue Price and filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, the Bid-cum-Application Form will be considered
         as the application form.




                                                                        32
                                           SECTION 5: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN BOOK BUILT ISSUE

       Book Building, in the context of the Issue, refers to the process of collection of Bids within the Price Band or above the
       Floor Price and determining the Issue Price based on the Bids received as detailed in Schedule XIII of SEBI ICDR
       Regulations 2018. The Issue Price is finalised after the Bid/Issue Closing Date. Valid Bids received at or above the Issue
       Price are considered for allocation in the Issue, subject to applicable regulations and other terms and conditions.

5.1.         SUBMISSION OF BIDS

 (a)         During the Bid/Issue Period, ASBA Bidders/Applicants may approach any of the Designated Intermediary to
             register and submit their Bids. Anchor Investors who are interested in subscribing for the Equity Shares should
             approach one of the Book Running Lead Managers on the Anchor Investor Bidding Date to register and submit their
             Bid.

 (b)         The Bidders/Applicants may instruct the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, to block Bid Amount based on
             the Cap Price less discount (if applicable).

 (c)         For details of the timing on acceptance and upload of Bids in the Stock Exchanges Platform Bidders/Applicants are
             requested to refer to the RHP.

5.2.         ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION OF BIDS

 (a)         The Designated Intermediary may register the Bids using the on-line facility of the Stock Exchanges. The Designated
             Intermediaries can also set up facilities for off-line electronic registration of Bids, subject to the condition that they may
             subsequently upload the off-line data file into the on-line facilities for Book Building on a regular basis before the closure
             of the issue.

 (b)         On the Bid/issue Closing Date, the Designated Intermediaries may upload the Bids till such time as may be permitted
             by the Stock Exchanges.

 (c)         Only Bids that are uploaded on the Stock Exchanges Platform would be considered for allocation/ Allotment. In UPI
             Phase II, the Designated Intermediaries are given time till the Bid/ Issue Closing Date to modify select fields uploaded in
             the Stock Exchange Platform during the Bid/ Issue Period after which the Stock Exchange(s) send the bid information to
             the Registrar to theIssue for further processing.

5.3.         BUILD UP OF THE BOOK

 (a)         Bids received from various Bidders/ Applicants through the Designated Intermediaries may be electronically
             uploaded on the Bidding Platform of the Stock Exchanges’ on a regular basis. The book gets built up at various
             price levels. This information may be available with the Book Running Lead Managers at the end of the Bid/ Issue
             Period.

 (b)         Based on the aggregate demand and price for Bids registered on the Stock Exchanges Platform, a graphical
             representation of consolidated demand and price as available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges may be made
             available at the Bidding centers during the Bid/ Issue Period.

5.4.         WITHDRAWAL OF BIDS

             The Registrar to the Issue shall give instruction to the SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, for unblocking the
             ASBA Account upon or after the finalization of basis of Allotment. None of the Investor can neither withdraw nor
             lower the size of their Bids at any stage.

5.5.         REJECTION & RESPONSIBILITY FOR UPLOAD OF BIDS

 (a)         The Designated Intermediaries are individually responsible for the acts, mistakes or errors or omission in relation to

 i.          the Bids accepted by the Designated Intermediary;

 ii.         the Bids (including UP ID, as applicable) uploaded by the Designated Intermediary; and

 iii.        the Bid cum application forms accepted but not uploaded by the Designated Intermediaries.

 (b)         The Book Running Lead Managers and their affiliate Syndicate Members, as the case may be, may reject Bids if all

                                                                       33
          the information required is not provided and the Bid cum Application Form is incomplete in any respect.

  (c)     The SCSBs or the Sponsor Banks, as applicable, shall have no right to reject Bids, except in case of unavailability of
          adequate funds in the ASBA Account or on technical grounds.
(d)      In case of QIB Bidders, only the (i) SCSBs (for Bids other than the Bids by Anchor Investors); and (ii) Book Running
         Lead Managers and their affiliate Syndicate Members (only in the specified locations) have the right to reject bids.
         However, such rejection shall be made at the time of receiving the Bid and only after assigning a reason for such
         rejection in writing.

(e)      All bids by QIBs, NIIs & II’s Bids can be rejected on technical grounds listed herein.

5.5.1.   GROUNDS FOR TECHNICAL REJECTIONS

         Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form can be rejected on the below mentioned technical grounds either at the
         time of their submission to any of the Designated Intermediaries, or at the time of finalisation of the Basis of
         Allotment. Bidders/Applicants are advised to note that the Bids/Applications are liable to be rejected, among other
         things, on the following grounds, which have been detailed at various places in this GID:-

(a)      Bid/Application by persons not competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, as amended, (other than
         minors having valid Depository Account as per Demographic Details provided by Depositories);

(b)      Bids/Applications of Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) accompanied by cash, draft, cheques,money order or any
         other mode of payment other than amounts blocked in the Bidders’ ASBA Account;

(c)      Bids/Applications by OCBs;

(d)      In case of partnership firms, Bid/Application for Equity Shares made in the name of the firm. However, a limited
         liability partnership can apply in its own name;

(e)      In case of Bids/Applications under power of attorney or by limited companies, corporate, trust etc., relevant documents
         are not being submitted along with the Bid cum application form/Application Form;

(f)      Bids/Applications by persons prohibited from buying, selling or dealing in the shares directly or indirectly by SEBI or
         any other regulatory authority;

(g)      Bids/Applications by any person outside India if not in compliance with applicable foreign and Indian laws;

(h)      DP ID and Client ID not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form;

(i)      ASBA Account number or UPI ID not mentioned or incorrectly mentioned in the Bid cum Application
         Form/Application Form;

(j)      In case of Bids by Individual Investors/ NII (NII applying with application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) (applying through the
         UPI mechanism) through a UPI handle not covered in the prescribed list of SEBI.

(k)      In case of Bids by Individual Investors/ NII (NII applying with application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) (applying through the
         UPI mechanism) using a bank account of an SCSB or bank which is not covered in the prescribed list of SEBI.

(l)      PAN not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form except for Bids/Applications by or on behalf
         of the Central or State Government and officials appointed by the court and by the investors residing in the State of
         Sikkim, provided such claims have been verified by the Depository Participant;

(m)      In case no corresponding record is available with the Depositories that matches the DP ID, the Client ID and the PAN;

(n)      Bids/Applications for lower number of Equity Shares than the minimum specified for that category of investors;

(o)      Bids/Applications at a price less than the Floor Price & Bids/Applications at a price more than the Cap Price;

(p)      Bids/Applications at Cut-off Price;

(q)      The amounts mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form does not tally with the amount payable
         for the value of the Equity Shares Bid/Applied for;




                                                                34
(r)     Bids/Applications for amounts greater than the maximum permissible amounts prescribed by the regulations;

(s)     Submission of Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form using third party UPI ID or ASBA Bank Account;

(t)     Submission of more than one Bid cum Application Form per UPI ID by II’s bidding through Designated
        Intermediaries other than SCSBs (except for II’s applying as Individual Shareholders also);

(u)     Submission of more than one Bid cum Application Form per ASBA Account by Bidders bidding through Designated
        Intermediaries (except in case of joint account holders);

(v)     In case of joint Bids, submission of Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form using second or third party’s UPI ID or
        ASBA Bank Account;

(w)     Bids/Applications for number of Equity Shares which are not in multiples of Equity Shares as specified in the RHP;

(x)     Multiple Bids/Applications as defined in this GID and the RHP/Prospectus;

(y)     Bid cum Application Forms/Application Forms are not delivered by the Bidders/Applicants within the time prescribed as per
        the Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form, Bid/ Issue Opening Date advertisement and as per the instructions in the
        RHP and the Bid cum Application Forms;

(z)     Bank account mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form (for Bidders applying through the non-UPI mechanism) may not
        be an account maintained by SCSB. Inadequate funds in the ASBA Account to block the Bid/Application Amount specified
        in the Bid cum Application Form/ Application Form at the time of blocking such Bid/Application Amount in the ASBA
        Account;

(aa)    In case of Bids by Individual Investors / NII (NII applying with application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) (applying through the UPI
        mechanism), the UPI ID mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form is linked to a third-party bank account;

(bb)    In case of Bids by Individual Investors / NII (NII applying with application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) (applying through the UPI
        mechanism), the UPI ID is not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form;

(cc)    In case of Anchor Investors, Bids/Applications where sufficient funds are not available in Escrow Accounts as per final
        certificate from the Anchor Escrow Bank;

(dd)    Where no confirmation is received from SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, for blocking of funds;

(ee)    Bids/Applications by QIB and NII Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) not submitted through ASBA process;

(ff)   Bid cum Application Form submitted to Designated Intermediaries at locations other than the Bidding Centers or to the
       Anchor Escrow Bank (assuming that such bank is not a SCSB where the ASBA Account is maintained), to the issuer or the
       Registrar to the Issue;

(gg)   Bid cum Application Form submitted physically by II’s bidding through the non-UPI mechanism to Designated
        Intermediaries other than SCSBs;

(hh)    Bids/Applications not uploaded on the terminals of the Stock Exchanges;

(ii)   Bids/Applications by SCSBs wherein a separate account in its own name held with any other SCSB is not mentioned as the
        ASBA Account in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form.

(jj)    The UPI Mandate is not approved by Individual Investor; and

(kk)    The original Bid/Application is made using the UPI mechanism and revision(s) to the Bid/Application is made using ASBA
        either physically or online through the SCSB, and vice- versa.

(ll)    Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in the Bid cum Application Form. In case
        the Bidder doesn’t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the application would be rejected. For
        application submitted to Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Bidder providing both the ASBA Bank account
        details as well as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application.

(mm)     II’s shall ensure that the bank, with which they have their bank account, where the funds equivalent to the application amount
        is available for blocking, has been notified as Issuer Banks for UPI. A list of such banks is available on SEBI website –
        www.sebi.gov.in:



                                                                    35
       Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » Self-Certified Syndicate Banks
       eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI

(nn)   In case of revision of Bids by II’s Bidders, if UPI Mandate Request for the revised Bid is not approved, the Application is
       liable to be rejected.

(oo)   In case of revision of Bids by Individual Investor / NII (NII applying with application size upto ₹ 5,00,000) Bidders, if UPI
       Mandate Request for the revised Bid is not approved, the Application is liable to be rejected.

5.6.   BASIS OF ALLOCATION

 (a)   The SEBI ICDR Regulations specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of Bidders/Applicants in
       an Issue depending on compliance with the applicable eligibility conditions. Certain details pertaining to the percentage of Issue
       size available for allocation to each category is disclosed overleaf of the Bid cum Application Form and in the RHP / Prospectus.
       For details in relation to allocation, the Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/ Prospectus.

 (b)   Under-subscription in any category (except QIB category) is allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or
       combination of categories at the discretion of the Issuer and in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the
       Designated Stock Exchange and in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Unsubscribed portion in QIB Category is not
       available for subscription to other categories.

 (c)   In case of under subscription in the Net Issue, spill-over to the extent of such under-subscription may be permitted from the
       Reserved Portion to the Net Issue. For allocation in the event of an under-subscription applicable to the Issuer,
       Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP.


 (d)   Illustration of the Book Building and Price Discovery Process

       Bidders should note that this example is solely for illustrative purposes and is not specific to the Issue; it also excludes Bidding
       by Anchor Investors.

       Bidders can bid at any price within the price band. For instance, assume a price band of ₹ 20 to ₹ 24 per share, issue size of 3,000
       equity shares and receipt of five bids from Bidders, details of which are shown in the table below. The illustrative book given below
       shows the demand for the equity shares of the issuer at various prices and is collated from bids received from various bidders.
               Bid Quantity                   Bid Amount (₹ )                 Cumulative Quantity                     Subscription
                    500                             24                                500                                16.67%
                   1,000                            23                               1,500                               50.00%
                   1,500                            22                               3,000                              100.00%
                   2,000                            21                               5,000                              166.67%
                   2,500                            20                               7,500                              250.00%

       The price discovery is a function of demand at various prices. The highest price at which the Issuer is able to issue the desired
       number of equity shares is the price at which the book cuts off, i.e., ₹ 22.00 in the above example. The issuer, in consultation with
       the Book Running Lead Managers, may finalise the Issue Price at or below such price, i.e., at or below ₹ 22.00. All bids at or above
       this Issue Price are valid bids and are considered for allocation in the respective categories.

 (e)   Alternate Method of Book Building

       In case of FPOs, Issuers may opt for an alternate method of Book Building in which only the Floor Price is specified for the
       purposes of bidding (“Alternate Book Building Process”).

       The Issuer may specify the Floor Price in the RHP or advertise the Floor Price at least one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue
       Opening Date. QIBs may Bid at a price higher than the Floor Price and the Allotment to the QIBs is made on a price priority basis.
       The Bidder with the highest Bid Amount is allotted the number of Equity Shares Bid for and then the second highest Bidder is
       Allotted Equity Shares and this process continues until all the Equity Shares have been allotted. II’s, NIIs and Employees are
       Allotted Equity Shares at the Floor Price and allotment to these categories of Bidders is made proportionately. If the number of
       Equity Shares Bid for at a price is more than available quantity then the Allotment may be done on a proportionate basis. Further,
       the Issuer may place a cap either in terms of number of specified securities or percentage of issued capital of the Issuer that may
       be Allotted to a single Bidder, decide whether a Bidder be allowed to revise the bid upwards or downwards in terms of price
       and/or quantity and also decide whether a Bidder be allowed single or multiple bids.




                                                                    36
                               SECTION 6: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN FIXED PRICE ISSUE

APPLICANTS MAY NOTE THAT THERE IS NO BID CUM APPLICATION FORM IN A FIXED PRICE ISSUE.

As the Issue Price is mentioned in the Fixed Price Issue therefore on filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, the Application so
submitted is considered as the application form.

Applicants may only use the specified Application Form for the purpose of making an Application in terms of the Prospectus which
may be submitted through the Designated Intermediary.

ASBA Applicants may submit an Application Form either in physical form to the Designated Intermediaries or in the electronic form
to the SCSB or the Designated Branches of the SCSBs authorising blocking of funds that are available in the bank account specified in
the Application Form only (ASBA Account). The Application Form is also made available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at
least one day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date.

In a fixed price Issue, allocation in the net Issue to the public category is made as follows: minimum fifty per cent to Individual
investors; and remaining to (i) individual bidders other than Individual investors; and (ii) other Applicants including corporate bodies
or institutions, irrespective of the number of specified securities applied for. The unsubscribed portion in either of the categories
specified above may be allocated to the Applicants in the other category.

For details of instructions in relation to the Application Form, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the relevant section of the GID.




                                                              37
                            SECTION 7: ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT

The Allotment of Equity Shares to Bidders/Applicants other than Individual Investors and Anchor Investors may be on
proportionate basis. For Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to RHP/Prospectus. No
Individual Investor will be allotted less than the minimum Bid Lot subject to availability of shares in Individual Investor
Category and the remaining available shares, if any will be allotted on a proportionate basis. The Issuer is required to
receive a minimum subscription of the Issue (excluding any Issue for Sale of specified securities). However, in case the
Issue is in the nature of Issue for Sale only, then minimum subscription may not be applicable.

7.1.    ALLOTMENT TO INDIVIDUAL BIDDERS (II)

        Bids received from the Individual Investors at or above the Issue Price may be grouped together to determine
        the total demand under this category. If the aggregate demand in this category is less than or equal to the
        Individual Investor Category at or above the Issue Price, full Allotment may be made to the Individual Investors
        to the extent of the valid Bids. If the aggregate demand in this category is greater than the allocation in the
        Category at or above the Issue Price, then the maximum number of Individual Investors who can be Allotted
        the minimum Bid Lot will be computed by dividing the total number of Equity Shares available for Allotment
        to Individual Investors by the minimum Bid Lot (“Maximum Individual Investor Allottees”). The Allotment
        to the Individual Investors will then be made in the following manner:

 (a)    In the event the number of Individual Investors who have submitted valid Bids in the Issue is equal to or less
        than Maximum Individual Investor Allottees; (i) all such Individual Investors shall be Allotted the minimum
        Bid Lot; and (ii) the balance available Equity Shares, if any, remaining in the Individual Investor Category shall
        be Allotted on a proportionate basis to the Individual Investors who have received Allotment as per (i) above
        for the balance demand of the Equity Shares Bid by them (i.e. who have Bid for more than the minimum Bid
        Lot).

 (b)    In the event the number of Individual Investors who have submitted valid Bids in the Issue is more than
        Maximum Individual Investor Allottees, the Individual Investors (in that category) who will then be Allotted
        minimum Bid Lot shall be determined on the basis of draw of lots.

7.2.    ALLOTMENT TO NIIs

        Bids received from NIIs at or above the Issue Price may be grouped together to determine the total demand
        under this category. The Allotment to all successful NIIs may be made at or above the Issue Price. If the
        aggregate demand in this category is less than or equal to the Non-Institutional Category at or above the Issue
        Price, full Allotment may be made to NIIs to the extent of their demand. In case the aggregate demand in this
        category is greater than the Non-Institutional Category at or above the Issue Price, Allotment may be made on a
        proportionate basis up to a minimum of the Non-Institutional Category.

7.3.    ALLOTMENT TO QIBs

        For the Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the SEBI ICDR Regulations or
        RHP / Prospectus. Bids received from QIBs Bidding in the QIB Category (net of Anchor Portion) at or above
        the Issue Price may be grouped together to determine the total demand under this category. The QIB Category
        may be available for Allotment to QIBs who have Bid at a price that is equal toor greater than the Issue Price.
        Allotment may be undertaken in the following manner:

 (a)    In the first instance allocation to Mutual Funds for up to 5% of the QIB Category may be determined as
        follows: (i) In the event that Bids by Mutual Fund exceeds 5% of the QIB Category, allocation to Mutual Funds
        may be done on a proportionate basis for up to 5% of the QIB Category; (ii) In the event that the aggregate
        demand from Mutual Funds is less than 5% of the QIB Category then all Mutual Funds may get full allotment
        to the extent of valid Bids received above the Issue Price; and (iii) Equity Shares remaining unsubscribed, if
        any and not allocated to Mutual Funds may be available for allotment to all QIBs as set out at paragraph 7.4(b)
        below.

 (b)    In the second instance, allotment to all QIBs may be determined as follows: (i) In the event of oversubscription
        in the QIB Category, all QIBs who have submitted Bids above the Issue Price may be Allotted Equity
        Shares on a proportionate basis for up to 95% of the QIB Category; (ii)Mutual Funds, who have received
        allocation as per (a) above, for less than the number of Equity Shares Bid for by them, are eligible to receive
        Equity Shares on a proportionate basis along with other QIBs; and (iii) Under-subscription below 5% of the
        QIB Category, if any, from Mutual Funds, may be included for allocation to the remaining QIBs on a
        proportionate basis.

                                                              38
7.4.    ALLOTMENT TO ANCHOR INVESTOR (IF APPLICABLE)

 (a)    Allocation of Equity Shares to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be at the discretion of
        the issuer subject to compliance with the following requirements:

 i.     not more than 60% of the QIB Category will be allocated to Anchor Investors;
 ii.    40% of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for, (i) 33.33% shall be available for allocation to domestic
        Mutual Funds and (ii) 6.67% shall be available for allocation to life insurance companies and pension funds, subject
        to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds, life insurance companies, and pension funds at or above
        the Anchor Investor Allocation Price. In the event of under-subscription under (ii) above, the allocation may be made to
        domestic Mutual Funds; and

 iii.   allocation to Anchor Investors shall be on a discretionary basis and subject to:

 •      a maximum number of two Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹ 10 crores;

 •      a minimum number of two Anchor Investors and maximum number of 15 Anchor Investors for allocation of more
        than ₹ 10 crores and up to ₹ 250 crores subject to minimum allotment of ₹ 5 crores per such Anchor Investor; and

 •      in case of allocation above two hundred fifty crore rupees; a minimum number of five Anchor Investors and a
        maximum number of 15 Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹ 250 crores and an additional 10 Anchor Investors for
        every additional
        ₹ 250 crores or part thereof, subject to minimum allotment of ₹ 5 crores per such Anchor Investor.

 (b)    A physical book is prepared by the Registrar on the basis of the Bid cum Application Forms received from Anchor
        Investors. Based on the physical book and at the discretion of the issuer in consultation with the BRLMs, selected
        Anchor Investors will be sent a CAN and if required, a revised CAN.

 (c)    In the event that the Issue Price is higher than the Anchor Investor Issue Price: Anchor Investors will be sent a
        revised CAN within one day of the Pricing Date indicating the number of Equity Shares allocated to such Anchor
        Investor and the pay-in date for payment of the balance amount. Anchor Investors are then required to pay any
        additional amounts, being the difference between the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price, as indicated in
        the revised CAN within the pay-in date referred to in the revised CAN. Thereafter, the Allotment Advice will be
        issued to such Anchor Investors.

 (d)    In the event the Issue Price is lower than the Anchor Investor Issue Price: Anchor Investors who have been
        Allotted Equity Shares will directly receive Allotment Advice.

7.5.    BASIS OF ALLOTMENT FOR QIBs (OTHER THAN ANCHOR INVESTORS), NIIs AND RESERVED
        CATEGORY IN CASE OF OVER-SUBSCRIBED ISSUE

        In the event of the Issue being over-subscribed, the Issuer may finalise the Basis of Allotment inconsultation
        with the Designated Stock Exchange in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

        The allocation may be made in marketable lots, on a proportionate basis as explained below:

 (a)    Bidders may be categorized according to the number of Equity Shares applied for.

 (b)    The total number of Equity Shares to be allotted to each category as a whole may be arrived at on a proportionate
        basis, which is the total number of Equity Shares applied for in that category (number of Bidders in the category
        multiplied by the number of Equity Shares applied for) multiplied by the inverse of the over-subscription ratio.

 (c)    The number of Equity Shares to be allotted to the successful Bidders may be arrived at on a proportionate basis,
        which is total number of Equity Shares applied for by each Bidder in that category multiplied by the inverse of the
        over-subscription ratio.

 (d)    In all Bids where the proportionate Allotment is less than the minimum Bid Lot decided per Bidder, the Allotment
        may be made as follows: the successful Bidders out of the total Bidders for a category may be determined by a draw
        of lots in a manner such that the total number of Equity Shares Allotted in that category is equal to the number of
        Equity Shares calculated in accordance with (b) above; and each successful Bidder may be Allotted a minimum of
        such Equity Shares equal to the minimum Bid Lot finalised by the Issuer.




                                                                  39
       (e)       If the proportionate Allotment to a Bidder is a number that is more than the minimum Bid Lot but is not a multiple of
                 one (which is the marketable lot), the decimal may be rounded off to the higher whole number if that decimal is 0.5
                 or higher. If that number is lower than 0.5 it may be rounded off to the lower whole number. Allotment to all Bidders
                 in such categories may be arrived at after such rounding off.

       (f)       If the Equity Shares allocated on a proportionate basis to any category are more than the Equity Shares Allotted to
                 the Bidders in that category, the remaining Equity Shares available for allotment may be first adjusted against any
                 other category, where the Allotted Equity Shares are not sufficient for proportionate Allotment to the successful
                 Bidders in that category. The balance Equity Shares, if any, remaining after such adjustment may be added to the
                 category comprising Bidders applying for minimum number of Equity Shares.


7.6.         DESIGNATED DATE AND ALLOTMENT OF EQUITY SHARES

 (a)         Designated Date: On the Designated Date, the Anchor Escrow Bank shall transfer the funds represented by allocation of
             Equity Shares to Anchor Investors from the Escrow Accounts, as per the terms of the Cash Escrow Agreement, into the Public
             Issue Account with the Bankers to the Issue. The balance amount after transfer to the Public Issue Account shall be transferred
             to the Refund Account. Payments of refund to the Bidders applying in the Anchor Investor Portion shall be made from the
             Refund Account as per the terms of the Cash Escrow Agreement and the RHP. On the Designated Date, the Registrar to the
             Issue shall instruct the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, to transfer funds represented by allocation of Equity Shares
             from ASBA Accounts into the Public Issue Account.

 (b)         Issuance of Allotment Advice: Upon approval of the Basis of Allotment by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Registrar
             shall upload the same on its website. On the basis of the approved Basis ofAllotment, the Issuer shall pass necessary
             resolutions and undertake corporate actions to facilitate the Allotment and credit of Equity Shares to successful
             Bidders/Applicants. Bidders/Applicants are advised to instruct their Depository Participant to accept the Equity Shares that
             may be allotted to them pursuant to the Issue.

             Pursuant to confirmation of such corporate actions, the Registrar will dispatch Allotment Adviceto the Bidders/Applicants who
             have been Allotted Equity Shares in the Issue.

 (c)         The dispatch of Allotment Advice shall be deemed a valid, binding and irrevocable contract.

 (d)         Issuer will ensure that: (i) the Allotment of Equity Shares; and (ii) credit of shares to the successful Bidders/Applicants
             Depository Account will be completed within two Working Days ofthe Bid/ Issue Closing Date.




                                                                        40
                                               SECTION 8: INTEREST AND REFUNDS

8.1.      COMPLETION OF FORMALITIES FOR LISTING & COMMENCEMENT OF TRADING

          The Issuer may ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for listing and commencement of
          trading at all the Stock Exchanges are taken within three Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date.

 8.2.     GROUNDS FOR REFUND

 8.2.1.   NON RECEIPT OF LISTING PERMISSION

          An Issuer makes an application to the Stock Exchange(s) for permission to deal in/list and for an official quotation of
          the Equity Shares. All the Stock Exchanges from where such permission is sought are disclosed in RHP/Prospectus.
          The Designated Stock Exchange will be disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus with which the Basis of Allotment may be
          finalised.

          If the Issuer fails to make application to the Stock Exchange(s) and obtain permission for listing of the Equity Shares,
          in accordance with the provisions of Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Issuer may be punishable with a fine
          which shall not be less than ₹ 5 lakhs but which may extend to ₹ 50 lakhs and every officer of the Issuer who is in
          default shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year or with fine which shall
          not be less than ₹ 50,000 but which may extend to ₹ 3 lakhs, or with both.

          If the permissions to deal in and for an official quotation of the Equity Shares are not granted by any of the Stock
          Exchange(s), the Issuer may forthwith take steps to refund, without interest, all moneys received from the
          Bidders/Applicants in pursuance of the RHP/Prospectus.

          If such money is not refunded to Bidders within the prescribed time after the Issuer becomes liable to repay it, then
          the Issuer and every director of the Issuer who is an officer in default may, on and from such expiry of such
          period, be liable to repay the money, with interest at such rate, as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus.

 8.2.2.   NON-FULFILLMENT OF THE OBLIGATIONS BY THE UNDERWRITERS

          This Issue is not restricted to any minimum subscription level and is 100% underwritten. As per Section 39 of the
          Companies Act, 2013, if the stated minimum amount‖ has not be subscribed and the sum payable on application is not
          received within a period of 30 days from the date of the Prospectus, the application money has to be returned within
          such period as may be prescribed. If our Company does not receive the 100% subscription of the issue through the
          Issue Document including devolvement of Underwriters, if any, within sixty (60) days from the date of closure of the
          issue, our Company shall forthwith refund the entire subscription amount received. If there is a delay beyond eight
          days after our Company becomes liable to pay the amount, our Company and every officer in default will, on and
          from the expiry of this period, be jointly and severally liable to repay the money, with interest or other penalty as
          prescribed under the SEBI Regulations, the Companies Act 2013 and applicable law.

          In accordance with Regulation 260 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, our Issue shall be hundred percent underwritten.
          Thus, the underwriting obligations shall be for the entire hundred percent of the issue through the Prospectus and
          shall not be restricted to the minimum subscription level.

          Further, in accordance with Regulation 267(2) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, our Company shall ensure that the
          minimum application size in terms of number of specified securities shall not be less than two lots per applications
          i.e. the minimum application size shall be above ₹ 2,00,000/- (Rupees Two Lac only)

 8.2.3.   NON RECEIPT OF MINIMUM SUBSCRIPTION

          If the Issuer does not receive a minimum subscription (excluding any issue for sale of specified securities), including
          devolvement to the Underwriters, as applicable, the Issuer may forthwith, take steps to unblock the entire subscription
          amount received within six Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date and repay, without interest, all moneys
          received from Anchor Investors. This is further subject to the compliance with Rule 19(2) (b) of the SCRR. In
          case the Issue is in the nature of Issue for Sale only, then minimum subscription may not be applicable. In case of
          under- subscription in the Issue, the Equity Shares in the Issue will be issued prior to the sale of Equity Shares in the
          Issue for Sale.




                                                                41
           If there is a delay beyond the prescribed time after the Issuer becomes liable to pay or unblock the amount received
           from Bidders, then the Issuer and every director of the Issuer who is an officer in default may on and from expiry of
           prescribed time period under applicable laws, be jointly and severally liable to repay the money, with interest at the
           rate of 15% per annum in accordance with the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, as
           amended.

 8.2.4.    MINIMUM NUMBER OF ALLOTTEES

          Further, in accordance with Regulation 268(1) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, our Company shall ensure that the
          number of prospective allottees to whom the Equity Shares will allotted will not be less than 200 (Two Hundred).

8.2.5.    IN CASE OF ISSUES MADE UNDER COMPULSORY BOOK BUILDING

          In case an Issuer not eligible under Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations comes for an Issue under
          Regulation 6(2) of SEBI ICDR Regulations but fails to Allot at least 75% of the Issue to QIBs, in such case full
          subscription money is to be refunded.

8.3.      MODE OF REFUND

1.        In case of ASBA Bids: Within two Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Registrar to the Issue may
          give instructions to SCSBs or in case of Bids by II’s applying through the UPI mechanism to the Sponsor Bank to
          revoke the mandate and for unblocking the amount for unsuccessful Bids or for any excess amount blocked on
          Bidding.

2.        In case of Anchor Investors: Within two Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Registrar to the Issue
          may dispatch the refund orders for all amounts payable to unsuccessful Anchor Investors.

3.        In case of Anchor Investors, the Registrar to the Issue may obtain from the depositories the Bidders’ bank account
          details, including the MICR code, on the basis of the DP ID, Client IDand PAN provided by the Anchor
          Investors in their Bid cum Application Forms for refunds. Accordingly, Anchor Investors are advised to
          immediately update their details as appearing on the records of their depositories. Failure to do so may result in
          delays in dispatch of refund orders or refunds through electronic transfer of funds, as applicable, and any such delay
          may be at the Anchor Investors’ sole risk and neither the Issuer, the Registrar to the Issue, the Escrow Collection
          Banks, or the Syndicate, may be liable to compensate the Anchor Investors for any losses caused to them due to
          any such delay, or liable to pay any interest for such delay. Please note that refunds shall be credited only to the
          bank account from which the Bid Amount was remitted to the Escrow Bank.

4.        In the case of Bids from Eligible NRI Bidders and FPIs, refunds, if any, may generally be payable in Indian
          Rupees only and net of bank charges and/or commission. If so desired, such payments in Indian Rupees may be
          converted into U.S. Dollars or any other freely convertible currency as may be permitted by the RBI at the rate of
          exchange prevailing at the time of remittance and may be dispatched by registered post. The Company may not be
          responsible for loss, if any, incurred by the Bidder/Applicant on account of conversion of foreign currency.

8.3.1.    Electronic mode of making refunds for Anchor Investors

          The payment of refund, if any, may be done through various electronic modes as mentioned below:

i.        NACH—National Automated Clearing House is a consolidated system of ECS. Payment of refund would be done
          through NACH for Anchor Investors having an account at any of the centres specified by the RBI where such facility
          has been made available. This would be subject to availability of complete bank account details including Magnetic
          Ink Character Recognition (MICR) code wherever applicable from the depository. The payment of refund through
          NACH is mandatory for Anchor Investors having a bank account at any of the centres where NACH facility has
          been made available by the RBI (subject to availability of all information for crediting the refund through NACH
          including the MICR code as appearing on a cheque leaf, from the depositories), except where the applicant is
          otherwise disclosed as eligible to get refunds through NEFT or Direct Credit or RTGS.

ii.       NEFT—Payment of refund may be undertaken through NEFT wherever the branch of the Anchor Investors’ bank
          is NEFT enabled and has been assigned the Indian Financial System Code (“IFSC”), which can be linked to the
          MICR of that particular branch. The IFSC may be obtained from the website of RBI as at a date prior to the date of
          payment of refund, duly mappedwith MICR numbers. Wherever the Anchor Investors have registered their
          nine-digit MICR number and their bank account number while opening and operating the demat account, the same
          may be duly mapped with the IFSC of that particular bank branch and the payment of refund maybe made to the
          Anchor Investors through this method. In the event NEFT is not operationally feasible, the payment of refunds may
          be made through any one of the other modes as discussed in this section.
                                                             42
iii.   Direct Credit—Anchor Investors having their bank account with the Refund Banker may be eligible to receive
       refunds, if any, through direct credit to such bank account.

iv.    RTGS—Anchor Investors having a bank account with a bank branch which is RTGS enabled as per the
       information available on the website of RBI and whose refund amount exceeds ₹ 0.2 million, shall be eligible to
       receive refund through RTGS, provided the Demographic Details downloaded from the Depositories contain the
       nine digit MICR code of the Anchor Investor’s bank which can be mapped with the RBI data to obtain the
       corresponding IFSC. Charges, if any, levied by the Anchor Escrow Bank for the same would be borne by our
       Company. Charges, if any,levied by the Anchor Investor’s bank receiving the credit would be borne by the Anchor
       Investor.

       Please note that refunds through the abovementioned modes shall be credited only to the bank account from which
       the Bid Amount was remitted to the Escrow Bank.
       For details of levy of charges, if any, for any of the above methods, Bank charges, if any, for cashing suchcheques, pay orders or
       demand drafts at other centers etc. Bidders/Applicants may refer to RHP/Prospectus.

8.4.   INTEREST IN CASE OF DELAY IN ALLOTMENT OR REFUND

       In case of any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism)
       exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹ 100 per day
       for the entire duration of delay exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date by the intermediary responsible for
       causing such delay in unblocking. The BRLM shall, in their sole discretion, identify and fix the liability on such intermediary
       or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. The Bidder shall be compensated in the manner specified in the SEBI circular
       no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31, 2021 and SEBI circular no SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M
       dated March 16, 2021, as amended pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 SEBI
       circular     no.     SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51        dated      April    20,    2022    and      SEBI     Circular    No:
       SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 dated May 30, 2022 shall be deemed to be incorporated in the deemed
       agreement of the Bank with the SCSBs to the extent applicable, in case of delays in resolving investor grievances in relation to
       blocking/unblocking of funds, which for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed to be incorporated in the deemed agreement of
       our Company with the SCSBs, to the extent applicable




                                                                  43
                                        SECTION 9: GLOSSARY AND ABBREVIATIONS

 Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, certain definitions and abbreviations used in this document may have the meaning
 as provided below. References to any legislation, act or regulation may be to such legislation, act or regulation as amended from
 time to time. In case of inconsistency in the description of a term mentioned herein below and the description ascribed to such term
 in the Red Herring Prospectus, the description as ascribed to such term in the Red Herring Prospectus/ Prospectus shall prevail.

 Issue Related Terms

Terms                         Description
Abridged Prospectus            Abridged prospectus means a memorandum containing such salient features of a prospectus as may be
                               specified by the SEBI in this behalf to be issued under Regulation 255 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and
                               appended to the Application Form.
Acknowledgement Slip           The slip or document issued by the Designated Intermediary(ies) to a Bidder as proof of registration of
                               the Bid cum Application Form.
Allotment/ Allot/ Allotted     Unless the context otherwise requires, allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to the Fresh Issue to the
                               successful Bidders.
Allotment Advice               A note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to all the Bidders who have bid in the Issue after
                               approval of the Basis of Allotment by the Designated Stock Exchange.
Allottee (s)                   A successful bidders to whom the Equity Shares are allotted.
Anchor Investor(s)             A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the
                               requirements specified in the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus and who has Bid
                               for an amount of at least ₹200 lakhs.
Anchor Escrow Account          Account opened with Anchor Escrow Bank for the Issue and in whose favour the Anchor Investors will
/Escrow Account(s)             transfer money through direct credit or NEFT or RTGS in respect of the Bid Amount when submitting a
                               Bid.
Anchor Investor Allocation     The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to Anchor Investors during the Anchor Investor
Price                          Bid/Issue Period in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, which will be decided by our
                               Company in consultation with the BRLM.
Anchor Investor Application    The application form used by an Anchor Investor to Bid in the Anchor Investor Portion and which will be
Form                           considered as an application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus.
Anchor Investor Bidding Date/ The day, being one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date, on which Bids by Anchor
Anchor Investor Bid/Issue      Investors shall be submitted and allocation to Anchor Investors shall be completed.
Period
Anchor Investor Issue Price    The price at which the Equity Shares will be Allotted to Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring
                               Prospectus and the Prospectus, which price will be equal to or higher than the Issue Price but not higher
                               than the Cap Price.
                               The Anchor Investor Issue Price will be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM.
Anchor Investor Portion        Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company in consultation with the BRLM to
                               Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, out of which
                               one-third shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from
                               domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price in accordance with the SEBI
                               ICDR Regulations.
Anchor Investor Pay-in Date    With respect to Anchor Investor(s), it shall be the Anchor Investor Bidding Date, and in the event the
                               Anchor Investor Allocation Price is lower than the Issue Price, not later than two Working Days after the
                               Bid/Issue Closing Date.
Application Supported by       An application, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders to make a Bid and authorize an
Block Amount (ASBA)            SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the relevant ASBA Account and will include applications made by UPI
                               Bidders where the Bid Amount will be blocked upon acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by UPI
                               Bidders.
ASBA Account                   A bank account maintained with an SCSB by an ASBA Bidder, as specified in the ASBA Form submitted
                               by ASBA Bidders for blocking the Bid Amount mentioned in the relevant ASBA Form and includes the
                               account of a UPI Bidder which is blocked upon acceptance of a UPI Mandate Request made by the UPI
                               Bidder.
ASBA Application               Locations at which ASBA Applications can be uploaded by the SCSBs, namely Mumbai, New Delhi,
Location(s)/ Specified Cities  Chennai, Kolkata and Ahmedabad.
ASBA Bid                       A Bid made by an ASBA Bidder.
ASBA Bidder                    All Bidders except Anchor Investors
ASBA Form/ Bid cum             An application form, whether physical or electronic, used by ASBA Bidders to submit Bids which will be
Application                    considered as the application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.
Banker to the Issue/ Public    Banks which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as Bankers to an Issue and with whom the
Issue Bank/ Sponsor Bank       Public Issue Account will be opened, in this case being Axis Bank Limited.
Banker to the Issue and        The Escrow agreement dated August 17, 2026 to be entered among our Company, the Registrar to the
Sponsor Bank Agreement /       Issue, the Escrow Collection Bank(s), Public Issue Bank, Sponsor Bank, Refund Bank, the BRLM and the
                                                                   44
Escrow Agreement              Syndicate Members for the collection of payment amounts, if any, in respect of the Anchor Investors on
                              the terms and conditions thereof.
Basis of Allotment            The basis on which the Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful bidders under the Issue and which is
                              described in the chapter titled “Issue Procedure” beginning on page 278 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Bid(s)                        An indication to make an Issue during the Bid/ Issue Period by a Bidder (other than an Anchor Investor)
                              pursuant to submission of the ASBA Form, or during the Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period by an Anchor
                              Investor, pursuant to submission of the Anchor Investor Application Form, to subscribe to or purchase the
                              Equity Shares at a price within the Price Band, including all revisions and modifications thereto as
                              permitted under the SEBI ICDR.

                              Regulations and in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form. The term
                              “Bidding” shall be construed accordingly.
Bidder                        Any investor who makes a Bid pursuant to the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Bid cum
                              Application Form, and unless otherwise stated or implied, includes an Anchor Investor
Bid Amount                    The highest value of optional Bids indicated in the Bid cum Application Form and in the case of
                              Individual Bidders who applies for minimum application Size Bidding at Cut Off Price, the Cap Price
                              multiplied by the number of Equity Shares Bid for by such Individual Bidder and payable by the
                              Individual Bidder or blocked in the ASBA Account upon submission of the Bid in the Issue.

                              However, Eligible Employees applying in the Employee Reservation Portion can apply at the Cut-off
                              Price multiplied by the number of Equity Shares Bid for by such Eligible Employee and mentioned in the
                              Bid cum Application Form.

                              The maximum Bid Amount under the Employee Reservation Portion by an Eligible Employee shall not
                              exceed ₹ 5 lakhs. Only in the event of an undersubscription in the Employee Reservation Portion, such
                              unsubscribed portion may be Allotted on a proportionate basis to Eligible Employees Bidding in the
                              Employee Reservation Portion, for a value in excess of ₹ 2 lakhs subject to the total Allotment to an
                              Eligible Employee not exceeding ₹ 5 lakhs.
Bid cum Application Form      The Anchor Investor Application Form or the ASBA Form, as the context requires
Bid Lot                       2400 equity shares of face value of ₹10/ each and in multiples of 1200 equity shares of face value of ₹10/
                              each thereafter.
Bid/ Issue Closing Date       Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date after which the Syndicate, the
                              Designated Branches and the Registered Brokers shall not accept the Bids, which shall be notified in all
                              editions of the English national newspaper ‘Financial Express’, all editions of Hindi national newspaper
                              and Regional newspaper ‘Jansatta’ (Hindi being the regional language of Delhi, where our registered
                              office is located) each with wide circulation.

                              In case of any revisions, the revised Bid/ Issue Closing Date will be widely disseminated by notification
                              to the Stock Exchanges, by issuing a public notice, and also by indicating the change on the websites of
                              the Book Running Lead Manager and at the terminals of the other members of the Syndicate and by
                              intimation to the Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank(s). Our Company, in consultation with
                              the Book Running Lead Manager, may consider closing the Bid/Issue Period for QIBs one Working Day
                              prior to the Bid/Issue Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Bid/ Issue Opening Date       Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date on which the Syndicate, the
                              Designated Branches and the Registered Brokers shall start accepting Bids, which shall be notified in all
                              editions of the English national newspaper ‘Financial Express’, all editions of Hindi national newspaper
                              and Regional newspaper ‘Jansatta’ (Hindi being the regional language of Delhi, where our registered
                              office is located) each with wide circulation.
                              In case of any revision, the revised Bid/ Issue Opening Date will also be widely disseminated by
                              notification to the Stock Exchanges, by issuing a public notice, and also by indicating the change on the
                              websites of the Book Running Lead Manager and at the terminals of the other members of the Syndicate
                              and by intimation to the Designated Intermediaries and the
                              Sponsor Bank(s).
Bid/ Issue Period             Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the period between the Bid/ Issue
                              Opening Date and the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, inclusive of both days, during which prospective Bidders
                              (excluding Anchor Investors) can submit their Bids, including any revisions thereof, in accordance with
                              the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, provided that such period be kept open for a minimum of three working
                              days for all categories of Bidders.
                              Our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager, may consider closing Bid/ Issue
                              Period for the QIB Category, one working day prior to the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, which shall also be
                              notified in an advertisement in same newspaper(s) in which the Issue Opening date was published in
                              accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. The Bid/ Issue Period will comprise Working Days only.
Bidding                       The process of making a Bid.
Bidding/ Collection Centers   Centers at which the Designated intermediaries shall accept the ASBA Forms, i.e. Designated SCSB
                              Branches for SCSBs, specified locations for syndicates, broker centers for registered brokers, designated

                                                                 45
                                 RTA Locations for RTAs and designated CDP locations for CDPs.
Book Building Process/ Book      Book building process, as provided in Part A of Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of
Building Method                  which the Issue is being made
BRLM / Book Running Lead         Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue in this case being Share India Capital Services Private Limited,
Manager                          SEBI Registered Category-I Merchant Banker.
Broker Centers                   Broker centers notified by the Stock Exchanges where ASBA Bidders can submit the ASBA Forms to a
                                 Registered Broker. The details of such Broker Centers, along with the names and contact details of the
                                 Registered Brokers are available on the respective website of the Stock Exchanges www.nseindia.com, as
                                 updated from time to time.
Business Day                     Monday to Friday (except public holidays).
CAN or Confirmation of           The Note or advice or intimation sent to each successful Bidder indicating the Equity which will be
Allocation Note                  allotted, after approval of Basis of Allotment by the designated Stock Exchange.
Cap Price                        The higher end of the Price Band, subject to any revisions thereto, above which the Issue Price and
                                 Anchor Investor Issue Price will not be finalized and above which no Bids will be accepted. The Cap
                                 Price shall be at least 105% of the Floor Price and less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price
Cash Escrow and Sponsor          Agreement to be entered into and amongst our Company, the Registrar to the Issue, the Book Running
Bank Agreement                   Lead Manager, Co-Underwriter, , the Escrow Collection Bank(s), Public Issue Bank(s), Sponsor Bank
                                 and Refund Bank(s) in accordance with UPI Circulars, for inter alia, the appointment of the Sponsor Bank
                                 in accordance, for the collection of the Bid Amounts from Anchor Investors, transfer of funds to the
                                 Public Issue Account(s) and where applicable, refunds of the amounts collected from Bidders, on the
                                 terms and conditions thereof
Client Id                        Client identification number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to the Bidder’s
                                 beneficiary account.
Collecting Depository            A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996, registered with SEBI and who is
Participants or CDPs             eligible to procure Bids at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of SEBI circular no.
                                 CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 and the UPI Circulars issued by SEBI, as
                                 per the list available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges, i.e. www.nseindia.com, as updated from
                                 time to time.
Collecting Registrar and Share   Registrar to an Issue and share transfer agents registered with SEBI and eligible to procure Bids at the
Transfer Agent                   Designated RTA Locations in terms of circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November
                                 10, 2015 issued by SEBI.
Controlling Branches of the      Such branches of the SCSBs which coordinate with the BRLM, the Registrar to the Issue and the Stock
SCSBs                            Exchange.
Cut Off Price                    The Issue Price finalised by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager which
                                 shall be any price within the Price Band.

                                 Only Individual Bidders Bidding in the Individual Investors Portion and Eligible Employees Bidding
                                 under the Employee Reservation Portion are entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price. QIBs (including the
                                 Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional Bidders are not entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price.
Demographic Details              The demographic details of the Bidders including the Bidders’ address, PAN, name of the Bidders’ father/
                                 husband, investor status, occupation, bank account details and UPI ID, wherever applicable.
Depositor/ Depositories          A depository registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and
                                 Participants) Regulations, 1996 as amended from time to time i.e. National Securities Depository Limited
                                 (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL).
Depositories Act                 The Depositories Act, 1996, as amended from time to time.
Designated CDP Locations         Such locations of the CDPs where Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) can submit the ASBA Forms.

                                 The details of such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the Collecting
                                 Depository Participants eligible to accept ASBA Forms are available on the respective websites of the
                                 Stock Exchanges i.e. www.nseindia.com, as updated from time to time.
Designated Date                  The date on which the Escrow Collection Bank(s) transfer funds from the Escrow Account(s) to the
                                 Public Issue Account(s) or the Refund Account(s), as the case may be, and/or the instructions are issued
                                 to the SCSBs (in case of UPI Bidders, instruction issued through the Sponsor Bank) for the transfer of
                                 amounts blocked by the SCSBs in the ASBA Accounts to the Public Issue Account(s) or the Refund
                                 Account(s), as the case may be, in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus after
                                 finalization of the Basis of Allotment in consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange, following
                                 which Equity Shares will be Allotted in the Issue.
Designated Intermediaries/       Collectively, the members of the Syndicate, sub-syndicate Members/ Agents, SCSBs (other than in
Collecting Agent                 relation to Individual Bidders using the UPI Mechanism), Registered Brokers, CDPs and CRTAs, who are
                                 authorised to collect Bid cum Application Forms from the Bidders (Other than Anchor Investors), in
                                 relation to the Issue.

                                 In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by Individual Bidders Bidding in the Individual Investors Portion
                                 by authorising an SCSB to block the Bid Amount in the ASBA Account, Designated Intermediaries shall
                                 mean SCSBs.
                                                                   46
                                  In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by UPI Bidders where the Bid Amount will be blocked upon
                                  acceptance of UPI Mandate Request by such UPI Bidder using the UPI Mechanism, Designated
                                  Intermediaries shall mean Syndicate, sub-syndicate/ agents, Registered Brokers, CDPs, SCSBs and
                                  RTAs.
                                  In relation to ASBA Forms submitted by QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders (not using the UPI
                                  Mechanism), Designated Intermediaries shall mean Syndicate, sub-syndicate/ agents, SCSBs, Registered
                                  Brokers, the CDPs and RTAs.
Designated RTA Locations          Such locations of the CRTAs where Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) can submit the ASBA Forms
                                  to CRTAs.

                                  The details of such Designated CRTA Locations, along with names and contact details of the CRTAs
                                  eligible to accept ASBA Forms are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchanges
                                  (www.nseindia.com), as updated from time to time.
Designated SCSB Branches          Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Application Form from the Applicant and a
                                  list      of      which        is     available       on       the       website        of     SEBI       at
                                  https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=35 Recognized-
                                  Intermediaries or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.
Designated Stock Exchange         National Stock Exchange of India Limited (SME Exchange) (“NSE EMERGE”)
Red Herring Prospectus            This Red Herring Prospectus dated September 17, 2026 in relation to the Issue, issued in accordance with
                                  the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, which does not contain complete particulars of the price at which the
                                  Equity Shares will be Allotted and the size of the Issue, including any addendum or corrigendum thereto.
Eligible Employee(s)              Permanent employees of our Company (excluding such employees not eligible to invest in the Issue under
                                  applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines), as on the date of filing of this Red Herring Prospectus
                                  with the Stock Exchange working and present in India as on the date of submission of the ASBA Form; or
                                  Director of our Company, whether a whole-time Director or otherwise, who is eligible to apply under the
                                  Employee Reservation Portion under applicable law as of the date of filing of this Red Herring Prospectus
                                  with the Stock Exchange and who continue to be a Director of our Company until submission of the
                                  ASBA Form and is based, working and present in India or abroad as on the date of submission of the
                                  ASBA Form, but not including (i) Promoters; (ii) persons belonging to the Promoter Group; and (iii)
                                  Directors who either themselves or through their relatives or through any body corporate, directly or
                                  indirectly, hold more than 10% of the outstanding Equity Shares of our Company.

                                  The maximum Bid Amount under the Employee Reservation Portion by an Eligible Employee shall not
                                  exceed ₹ 5 lakhs.
Electronic Transfer of Funds      Refunds through NACH, NEFT, Direct Credit or RTGS as applicable.
Eligible NRI                      NRI(s) eligible to invest under Schedule III and Schedule IV of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-
                                  Debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 and resident in jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make
                                  an Issue or invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom the Bid cum Application Form and the Red
                                  Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to subscribe to or purchase the Equity Shares.

Employee Reservation Non-         The portion of the Issue being 72,000 Equity Shares aggregating to ₹ [●] lakhs which shall not exceed 5%
Institutional Investors Portion   of the post Issue Equity Share capital of our Company, available for allocation to Eligible Employees, on
                                  a proportionate basis.
Eligible QFIs                     QFIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an Issue or invitation under
                                  the Issue and in relation to whom the Prospectus constitutes an invitation to purchase the Equity shares
                                  issued thereby and who have opened Demat accounts with SEBI registered qualified depositary
                                  participants.
Eligible FPI(s)                   FPIs that are eligible to participate in the Issue in terms of applicable law and from such jurisdictions
                                  outside India where it is not unlawful to make an Issue/ invitation under the Issue and in relation to whom
                                  the Bid cum Application Form and the Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to purchase the
                                  Equity Shares Issued hereby.
Escrow Collection Bank            A bank which is a clearing member and registered with SEBI as a banker to an Issue, and with whom the
                                  Escrow Account(s) will be opened, in this case being Axis Bank Limited.
Escrow Account(s)                 The account(s) to be opened with the Escrow Collection Bank and in whose favour the Anchor Investors
                                  will transfer money through NACH/direct credit/ NEFT/ RTGS in respect of the Bid Amount when
                                  submitting a Bid.
Fugitive Economic Offender        An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic
                                  Offenders Act, 2018
FII/ Foreign Institutional        Foreign Institutional Investor as defined under SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995,
Investors                         as amended) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.
First Bidder/                     Bidder(s) whose name shall be mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form or the Revision Form and in
Applicant/Bidders                 case of joint bids, whose name shall also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint
                                  names
Floor Price                       The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision thereto, not being less than the face value of the
                                                                      47
                                 Equity Shares at or above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be finalized and
                                 below which no Bids will be accepted.
Foreign Venture Capital          Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Foreign Venture Capital
Investors                        Investor) Regulations, 2000.
Fraudulent Borrower              A company or person, as the case may be, categorised as a fraudulent borrower by any bank or financial
                                 institution (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013) or consortium thereof, in accordance with the
                                 guidelines on fraudulent borrowers issued by the RBI.
Fresh Issue                      Fresh Issue of 38,46,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs by our
                                 Company.
FPI / Foreign Portfolio          A Foreign Portfolio Investor who has been registered pursuant to the of Securities and Exchange Board of
Investor                         India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014, provided that any FII or QFI who holds a valid
                                 certificate of registration shall be deemed to be a foreign portfolio investor till the expiry of the block of
                                 three years for which fees have been paid as per the SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations,
                                 1995, as amended
General Corporate Purposes       Include such identified purposes for which no specific amount is allocated or any amount so specified
                                 towards general corporate purpose or any such purpose by whatever name called, in the Issue document.
                                 Provided that any Issue related expenses shall not be considered as a part of general corporate purpose
                                 merely because no specific amount has been allocated for such expenses in the Issue document.
General Information              The General Information Document for investing in public Issues, prepared and issued in accordance with
Document (GID)                   the circular (CIR/CFD/DIL/12/2013) dated October 23, 2013 notified by SEBI suitably modified and
                                 updated pursuant to, among others, the circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37) dated March 17,
                                 2020 and the circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50) dated March 30, 2020 notified by SEBI and
                                 UPI Circulars, as amended from time to time. The General Information Document shall be available on
                                 the websites of the Stock Exchanges and the Book Running Lead Manager.
Gross Proceeds                   Gross proceeds of the Issue that will be available to our Company.
Individual Bidder(s) or          Individual Bidders, submitting Bids, who applies for minimum application size for two lots. Provided that
Individual Investor(s) or Retail the minimum application size shall be above ₹2,00,000/- (including HUFs applying through their Karta
Individual Bidder(s) (RIBs) or and Eligible NRIs and does not include NRIs other than Eligible NRIs).
II(s) or IB(s) or RIB(s)
Individual Investor Portion      The portion of the Issue being not less than 35% of the Net Issue, consisting of 12,60,000 Equity Shares
                                 of face value of ₹10/ each, available for allocation to Individual Bidders.
Listing Agreement                Unless the context specifies otherwise, this means the Equity Listing Agreement to be signed between our
                                 Company and the Stock Exchange.
Lot Size                         1200 Equity shares
Mandate Request                  Mandate Request means a request initiated on the Individual Investor by sponsor bank to authorize
                                 blocking of funds equivalent to the application amount and subsequent debit to funds in case of allotment.
Market Makers                    Market Makers appointed by our Company from time to time, in this case being ‘Share India Securities
                                 Limited’ and ‘Prabhat Financial Services Limited’ who have agreed to receive or deliver the specified
                                 securities in the market making process for a period of three years from the date of listing of our Equity
                                 Shares or for any other period as may be notified by SEBI from time to time.
Market Maker Reservation         The Reserved Portion of 1,98,000 Equity Shares of Face Value of ₹10/- each fully paid for cash at an
Portion                          Issue Price of ₹[●]/- per Equity Share aggregating ₹[●]/- Lakhs for the Market Maker in this Issue of our
                                 Company.
Market Making Agreement          The Market Making Agreement dated August 25, 2025 and amended agreement executed on July 30,
                                 2026 between our Company, Book Running Lead Manager and Market Makers.
Mutual Fund Portion              5% of the Net QIB Portion, or 36,000 Equity Shares, which shall be available for allocation to Mutual
                                 Funds only on a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.
Mutual Funds                     A mutual fund registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996, as amended from
                                 time to time
Minimum Promoters                Aggregate of 20% of the fully diluted post-Issue equity share capital of our Company that is eligible to
Contribution                     form part of the minimum promoters’ contribution, as required under the provisions of the SEBI ICDR
                                 Regulations, held by our Promoter that shall be locked-in for a period of three years from the date of
                                 Allotment.
Mobile App(s)                    The        mobile         applications     listed      on       the      website        of      SEBI        at
                                 https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=43 or such other
                                 website as may be updated from time to time, which may be used by Bidders to submit Bids using the
                                 UPI Mechanism.
Net Issue                        The Net Issue (excluding the Market Makers Reservation Portion and Employee Reservation Portion) of
                                 35,76,000 equity Shares of ₹10/- each at a price of ₹[●] per Equity Share (the “Issue Price”), including a
                                 share premium of ₹[●] per equity share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs.

Net Proceeds                      The Issue Proceeds received from the fresh issue excluding Issue related expenses. For further
                                  information on the use of Issue Proceeds and Issue expenses, please refer to the section titled “Objects of
                                  the Issue” beginning on page 94.

                                                                      48
Net QIB Portion                 The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allocated to the Anchor Investors

Non- Resident or NRI            A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes Eligible NRIs, FPIs registered with
                                SEBI and FVCIs registered with SEBI.
Non-Institutional Bidders/NIB   All Bidders, including FPIs other than individuals, corporate bodies and family offices, registered with
                                SEBI that are not QIBs (including Anchor Investors), or Individual Investors, Eligible Employees
                                Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion who have Bid for Equity Shares for more than two lots or
                                for an amount of more than ₹2,00,000/- (but not including NRIs other than Eligible NRIs, QFI other than
                                Eligible QFIs and Market Makers).
Non-Institutional Portion/      The portion of the Issue being not less than 15% of the Issue, consisting of 5,40,000 Equity Shares of face
Non-Institutional Category      value of ₹10/ each of which (a) 1/3rd of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with
                                an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots equivalent to not more than ₹10 lakhs and (b)
                                2/3rd of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more
                                than ₹10,00,000/- subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.
Issue Agreement                 The Issue Agreement dated August 25, 2025 entered into between our Company and the Book Running
                                Lead Manager, pursuant to which certain arrangements are agreed upon in relation to the Issue.
Issue Price                     ₹ [●] per Equity Share, the final price (within the Price Band) at which Equity Shares will be Allotted to
                                ASBA Bidders in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus. Equity Shares will be Allotted
                                to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Issue Price in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus.

                                The Issue Price will be decided by our Company in consultation with the BRLM on the Pricing Date in
                                accordance with the Book Building Process and the Red Herring Prospectus.
Issue Proceeds                  The proceeds of the Fresh Issue which shall be available to our Company. For further information about
                                use of the Issue Proceeds, for further details please refer chapter titled “Objects of the Issue” beginning on
                                page 94.
Other Investor                  Investors other than Individual Investors. These include individual Bidders other than Individual Investors
                                and other investors including corporate bodies or institutions irrespective of the number of specified
                                securities applied for.
Overseas Corporate Body/        A company, partnership firm, society and other corporate body owned directly or indirectly to the extent
OCB                             of at least 60% by NRIs and includes overseas trust in which not less than 60% beneficial interest is held
                                by NRIs directly or indirectly irrevocably as defined in Clause(xi) of Regulation 2 of the Foreign
                                Exchange Management (Deposit) Regulations, 2000, as amended from time to time and which was in
                                existence on the date of commencement of Foreign Exchange Management (Withdrawal of General
                                Permission to Overseas Corporate Bodies (OCBs) Regulations, 2003 (“the Regulations”) and
                                immediately prior to such commencement was eligible to undertake transactions pursuant to general
                                permission granted under the Regulations. OCBs are not allowed to invest in this Issue.
Issue Document                  The Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus together with the Bid
                                cum Application Form including the Abridged Prospectus and any Addendum or corrigendum to such
                                Issue documents;
Pay-in-Period                   The period commencing on the Bid/Issue Opening date and extended till the closure of the Anchor
                                Investor Pay-in-Date.
Payment through electronic      Payment through NECS, NEFT or Direct Credit, as applicable.
transfer of funds
Person/ Persons                 Any individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association, unincorporated organization, body
                                corporate, corporation, company, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, or trust or any
                                other entity or organization validly constituted and/ or incorporated in the jurisdiction in which it exists
                                and operates, as the context requires.
Price Band                      The price band of a minimum price of ₹109 per Equity Share (Floor Price) and the maximum price of
                                ₹115 per Equity Share (Cap Price) including revisions thereof.

                                The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot for the Issue will be decided by our Company, in consultation
                                with the Book Running Lead Manager will be advertised in all editions of English national daily
                                newspaper ‘Financial Express’, all editions of Hindi national daily newspaper and Regional newspaper
                                ‘Jansatta’ (Hindi being the regional language of Delhi, where the registered office of the Company is
                                situated) each with wide circulation at least two Working Days prior to the Bid / Issue Opening Date and
                                shall be available to the Stock Exchange for the purpose of uploading on the website.
Pricing Date                    The date on which our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, will finalise the Issue Price.
Prospectus                      The Prospectus to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013,
                                and the SEBI ICDR Regulations containing, inter alia, the Issue Price that is determined at the end of the
                                Book Building Process, the size of the Issue and certain other information, including any addenda or
                                corrigenda thereto
Public Issue Account(s)         The ‘no-lien’ and ‘non-interest bearing’ account to be opened in accordance with Section 40(3) of the
                                Companies Act, 2013, with the Public Issue Account Bank(s) to receive money from the Escrow
                                Account(s) and from the ASBA Accounts on the Designated Date
Public Issue Account Bank(s)    The banks which are a clearing member and registered with SEBI as a banker to an Issue, and with whom
                                                                    49
                                  the Public Issue Account for collection of Bid Amounts from Escrow Accounts and ASBA Accounts will
                                  be opened, in this case being Axis Bank Limited.
Qualified Foreign Investors /     Non-resident investors other than SEBI registered FIIs or sub-accounts or SEBI registered FVCIs who
QFIs                              meet ‘know your client’ requirements prescribed by SEBI
QIB Category/ QIB Portion         The portion of the Net Issue (including the Anchor Investor Portion) being not more than 50% of the Net
                                  Issue, consisting of 17,76,000 Equity Shares aggregating to ₹[●] lakhs which shall be Allotted to QIBs
                                  (including Anchor Investors) on a proportionate basis, including the Anchor Investor Portion (in which
                                  allocation shall be on a discretionary basis, as determined by our Company in consultation with the
                                  BRLM), subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price or Anchor Investor Issue Price
                                  (for Anchor Investors).
Qualified Institutional Buyers/   Qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
QIBs/ QIB Bidders
Red Herring Prospectus/ RHP       The Red Herring Prospectus to be issued by our Company in accordance with Section 32 of the
                                  Companies Act, and the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, which will not have complete
                                  particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be issued and the size of the issue, including any
                                  addenda or corrigenda thereto.
                                  The Bid/Issue Opening Date shall be at least three Working Days after the registration of Red Herring
                                  Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies. The Red Herring Prospectus will become the Prospectus
                                  upon filing with the Registrar of Companies after the Pricing Date, including any addenda or corrigenda
                                  thereto.
Refund Account                    The ‘no-lien’ and ‘non-interest bearing’ account opened with the Refund Bank, from which refunds, if
                                  any, of the whole or part, of the Bid Amount to the Anchor Investors shall be made.
Refund Bank/ Refund Banker        Bank which is / are clearing member(s) and registered with the SEBI as Bankers to the Issue at which the
                                  Refund Account will be opened, in this case being Axis Bank Limited.
Refund through electronic         Refunds through NECS, direct credit, RTGS or NEFT, as applicable.
transfer of funds
Registered Broker                 Individuals or companies registered with SEBI as “Trading Members” (except Syndicate/Sub-Syndicate
                                  Members) who hold valid membership either NSE having right to trade in stocks listed on Stock
                                  Exchanges, through which investors can buy or sell securities listed on stock exchanges, a list of which is
                                  available on the website of the Stock Exchange.
Registrar to the Issue            The Registrar Agreement dated August 25, 2025 entered into between our Company and the Registrar to
Agreement                         the Issue, in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to the Issue pertaining to the
                                  Issue.
Registrar and Share Transfer      The registrar and share transfer agents registered with SEBI and eligible to procure Bids from relevant
Agents or RTAs                    Bidders at the Designated RTA Locations in terms of SEBI circular number
                                  CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI and available on the
                                  websites of the Stock Exchange at www.NSEindia.com
Registrar/ Registrar to the       Registrar to the Issue, in this case being Maashitla Securities Private Limited.
Issue/ RTA/ RTI
Resident Indian               A person resident in India, as defined under FEMA
Regulation S                  Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.
Regulations                   SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time.
Reservation Portion           The portion of the Issue reserved for category of eligible Bidders as provided under the SEBI (ICDR)
                              Regulations, 2018.
Reserved Category/ Categories Categories of persons eligible for making application under reservation portion.
Revision Form                 The form used by Bidders to modify the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Bid Amount in any of their
                              Bid cum Application Forms or any previous Revision Form(s), as applicable. QIB Bidders and Non-
                              Institutional Bidders are not allowed to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity
                              Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. Individual Bidders, (subject to the minimum application size
                              above ₹2.00 Lakhs) and Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion can revise
                              their Bids during the Bid/ Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Issue Closing Date.
Securities laws               Means the Act, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Depositories Act, 1996 and the rules
                              and regulations made thereunder and the general or special orders, guidelines or circulars made or issued
                              by the Board thereunder and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any previous company law
                              and any subordinate legislation framed thereunder, which are administered by the Board.
Self-Certified Syndicate      A Self Certified Syndicate Bank registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Bankers to an Issue) Regulations,
Bank(s) / SCSB(s)             1994 and offers the facility of ASBA, including blocking of bank account. A list of which is available on
                              the website of SEBI at
                              https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=34
                              andhttps://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=35,                 as
                              applicable or such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time; and (b) in relation to
                              ASBA (using the UPI Mechanism), a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at
                              https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=40, or such other
                              website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time. In relation to Bids (other than Bids by Anchor
                              Investor) submitted to a member of the Syndicate, the list of branches of the SCSBs at the Specified
                                                                   50
                                 Locations named by the respective SCSBs to receive deposits of Bid cum Application Forms from the
                                 members of the Syndicate is available on the website of the SEBI                                        at
                                 https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=35 and updated
                                 from time to time. For more information on such branches collecting Bid cum Application Forms from
                                 the      Syndicate     at    Specified     Locations,    see   the    website    of    the     SEBI     at
                                 https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=35 as updated
                                 from time to time. In accordance with SEBI RTA Master Circular, UPI Bidders Bidding using the UPI
                                 Mechanism may apply through the SCSBs and mobile applications whose names appears on the website
                                 of the SEBI at https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=40
                                 and              https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=43
                                 respectively, as updated from time to time.
SME Exchange                     “SME Exchange” means a trading platform of a recognized stock exchange having nationwide trading
                                 terminals permitted by the SEBI to list the specified securities issued in accordance with Chapter IX of
                                 the SEBI ICDR Regulations and includes a stock exchange granted recognition for this purpose but does
                                 not include the Main Board.
Specified Locations              The Bidding centers where the Syndicate shall accept Bid cum Application Forms from relevant Bidders,
                                 a list of which is available on the website of SEBI (www.sebi.gov.in), and updated from time to time
Specified Securities             Equity shares issued through this Red Herring Prospectus.
Sponsor Bank                     Banker to the Issue which is registered with SEBI and is eligible to act as Sponsor Bank in a public Issue
                                 in terms of the applicable SEBI requirements and has been appointed by the Company in consultation
                                 with Book Running Lead Manager to act as a conduit between the Stock Exchange and the National
                                 Payments Corporation of India in order to push the UPI Mandate Requests and / or payment instructions
                                 of the UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism and carry out other responsibilities, in terms of UPI
                                 Circulars issued by SEBI, in this case being Axis Bank Limited.
SCORES                           Securities and Exchange Board of India Complaints Redress System
Transaction Registration Slip/   The slip or document issued by the member of the Syndicate or SCSB (only on demand) as the case may
TRS                              be, to the Bidder as proof of registration of the Application.
U.S. Securities Act              U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended
Underwriters                     The BRLM & Underwriters/Co-Underwriters who has underwritten this Issue pursuant to the provisions
                                 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Underwriters)
                                 Regulations, 1993, as amended from time to time. In our case, Underwriter to the issue is Share India
                                 Capital Services Private Limited and Turnaround Corporate Advisors Private Limited.
Underwriting Agreement           The Agreement entered into between the Underwriters and our Company dated August 25, 2025 and
                                 amended agreement executed on July 30, 2026
UPI                              UPI is an instant payment system developed by the NCPI, it enables merging several banking features,
                                 seamless fund routing & merchant payment into one hood. UPI allow instant transfer of money between
                                 any two bank accounts using a payment address which uniquely identifies a person’s bank account
UPI Bidders                      Collectively, Individual Investors applying as (i) Individual Bidders in the Individual Investors Portion,
                                 and (ii) Non- Institutional Bidders with a Bid Amount of up to ₹5,00,000/- in the Non-Institutional
                                 Portion and (iii) Eligible Employees who applied in the Employee Reservation Portion with an
                                 application size of up to ₹ 5 lakhs , Bidding under the UPI Mechanism through ASBA Form(s) submitted
                                 with the Syndicate Members, Registered Brokers, Collecting Depository Participants and Registrar and
                                 Share Transfer Agents.

                                 Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022 issued by SEBI,
                                 all individual investors applying in public issues where the application amount is up to ₹5,00,000/- shall
                                 use UPI and shall provide their UPI ID in the bid-cum- application form submitted with: (i) a syndicate
                                 member, (ii) a stock broker registered with a recognized stock exchange (and whose name is mentioned
                                 on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), (iii) a depository participant (whose
                                 name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity), and (iv) a registrar
                                 to an Issue and share transfer agent (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as
                                 eligible for such activity).
UPI Circulars                    SEBI circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November 1, 2018, SEBI circular
                                 number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, SEBI circular number
                                 SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76            dated     June     28,     2019,     SEBI    circular      number
                                 SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85            dated     July     26,     2019,     SEBI    circular      number
                                 SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 8, 2019, SEBI circular number
                                 SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020            dated     March      30,      2020,     SEBI    circular      number
                                 SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, SEBI circular number
                                 SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570             dated     June       2,     2021,    SEBI       circular    no.
                                 SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45             dated     April      5,     2022,    SEBI      circular    no.
                                 SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51            dated      April     20,     2022,     SEBI      Circular     No.
                                 SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022, SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-
                                 2/P/CIR/2023/00094 dated June 21, 2023, along with the circular issued by the NSE having reference no.
                                 23/2022 dated July 22, 2022 and reference no. 25/2022 dated August 3, 2022 and the notice issued by
                                                                     51
                             NSE having reference no. 20220722- 30 dated July 22, 2022 and reference no. 20220803-40 dated August
                             3, 2022 and the circular issued by NSE Limited having reference no. 20220803-40 dated August 3, 2022
                             (to the extent any of these circulars are not rescinded by the SEBI RTA Master Circular 2024) and any
                             subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard
UPI ID                       ID created on Unified Payment Interface (UPI) for single window mobile payment system developed by
                             the National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI)
UPI ID Linked Bank Account   Account of the Individual Investor, applying in the Issue using the UPI mechanism, which will be
                             blocked upon accepting the UPI mandate to the extent of the appropriate application amount and
                             subsequent debit of funds in the case of allotment.
UPI Mandate Request/         A request (intimating the Individual Investor by way of notification on the UPI application and by way of
Mandate Request              a SMS directing the Individual Investor to such UPI application) to the Individual Investor by sponsor
                             bank to authorize blocking of funds equivalent to the application amount and subsequent debit to funds in
                             case of allotment.
UPI Mechanism                The mechanism that was used by an RIB to make a Bid in the Issue in accordance with the UPI Circulars
                             on Streamlining of Public Issues
UPI PIN                      Password to authenticate UPI transaction
Venture Capital Fund/VCF     Foreign Venture Capital Funds (as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture
                             Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.
WACA                         Weighted average cost of acquisition.
US Securities Act            U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Wilful Defaulter(s) or a     Means a person or an issuer who or which is categorized as a wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower by
fraudulent borrower          any bank or financial institution as defined under the Companies Act, 2013 or consortium thereof, in
                             accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters or fraudulent borrowers issued by the Reserve Bank
                             of India.
Working Day                  In accordance with Regulation 2(1) (mmm) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, working days’ means, all
                             days on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business.

                             However, in respect of–
                             (a) announcement of Price Band; and (b) Issue period, working days shall mean all days, excluding
                             Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays, on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business;
                             (c) the time period between the Bid/ Issue Closing Date and the listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock
                             Exchange, working day shall mean all trading days of the Stock Exchange, excluding Sundays and bank
                             holidays, as per circulars issued by SEBI, including the UPI Circulars.




                                                                52
